I was eating at an Indian restaurant when a homeless man came in and asked the girl behind the counter if they had any food he could have. She told him there was Naan. [me narrating a documentary about narrators] "I can't hear what they're saying cuz I'm talking"
I was going to organize a space-themed birthday party for my son... ...but I couldn't planet. Telling my daughter garlic is good for you. Good immune system and keeps pests away.Ticks, mosquitos, vampires... men.
Squared My dick is X squared and I rooted your mom. Now she's my X I've been going through a really rough period at work this week It's my own fault for swapping my tampax for sand paper.
I call my dick fun Because it's what girls just want to have! If I could have dinner with anyone, dead or alive... ...I would choose alive. -B.J. Novak-
Be careful when you ROFL! I once heard a joke in a scissor factory... It left me in stitches. Two guys walk into a bar. The third guy ducks.
I'll bet Vampire Kiddies enjoy scabs as much as human Kids love pudding skin Why can't Barbie get pregnant? Because Ken comes in a different box. Heyooooooo
I knew a kid in grade school who was born with deformed eyelids... ...So they took the flesh from his circumcision to fix his deformity. For the rest of his life he was cock-eyed. Why was the musician arrested? He got in treble.
Watching married couples argue in Bed Bath & Beyond is my Game of Thrones. Did you hear about the guy who blew his entire lottery winnings on a limousine? He had nothing left to chauffeur it.
Whats better than winning gold at the paralympics? Having legs..... What do you do if a bird shits on your car? Don't ask her out again.
My mate died from a bad case of heartburn I can't believe Gaviscone. He was a real gentlemen and always opened the fridge door for me
What is big hairy and can fly faster than sound? King Koncord. Telling my daugthers date that "she has lice and its very contagious the closer you get to her." *Correct way to parent.
I'm beginning to worry about my obsession with technology. I told my doctor, "I think I'm addicted to Twitter." He replied, "I don't follow you." What should you do before criticizing Pac-Man? WAKA WAKA WAKA mile in his shoes
Why was Easter the aardvark's favorite holiday? Because he liked aard-boiled eggs! What's the difference between an illegal Mexican and an autonomous robot...? Nothing... they were both made to steal American jobs.
For what person do all men take off their hats? The barber. What do you call a barbarian you can't see? an Invisigoth.
What do you say if Chris Brown is your blackjack dealer and you need another card? How do you spell Canda? C,eh,N,eh,D,eh
Good friends are like toasters... If you throw them down the stairs, they probably won't make toast for you anymore. You ever notice that the most dangerous thing about marijuana is getting caught with it?
Headaches aren't real.. They're all in your head. What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say at the abortion clinic? Hasta last vista, baby.
Why do elephants where pink shoes? To hide in the grass. Have you ever seen an elephant with pink shoes? No? Good hiders, aren't they? My wife is in a bad mood. I think her boyfriend forgot their anniversary. Way to go, dude. Now we all suffer...
What Do You Call An Israelite On The Himalayas? Mountain Jew. My speech today will be like a mini-skirt. Long enough to cover the essentials but short enough to hold your attention!
I wanted to sue the airline because they damaged my luggage. I showed the badly damaged remains to my lawyer. He said "You don't have much of a case." Thanksgiving joke What does Miley Cyrus eat for Thanksgiving? Twerky! Just kidding... Drugs. She eats drugs. -Adam Zopf @adamzopf
A Jewish boy goes to his father and asks for 50 cents... "I don't have 40 cents. What do you want with 30 cents? Here's 20 cents." Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? 'Cause they are freaking good at it
Why do Call of Duty players hate Lee Harvey Oswald? Oh come on, the man is a stupid camping hardscoper! How did the blonde die raking leaves? She fell out of the tree.
Why didn't Count Dracula get married? He wanted to remain a bat-chelor. "That guy is such a douche-bag! Is he single? Maybe I can fix him!"  women
I stopped a kidnapping today.. I woke him up My son just got a tattoo of a heart, a spade, a club, and a diamond, all without my permission. I guess I'll deal with him later.
I like my coffee like I like my women. Black and taken from poor countries when not mature. What do you call a potato in space? Spudnik
I've never sent out a pic of my penis. I believe that is a sacred thing shared between a man and another man pretending to be a woman. How to get a cop's attention
I'm sorry baby, but me & you are not going to work out. We are going to watch tv. What happens to a necrophiliac after death? Reserection
*whispers to dog wearing a 'working dog, do not pet' vest* psst what time does your shift end? Why did the chicken hold a seance? To get to the other side.
Hipster James Bond Movie - Oddjob uses a Fedora as a deadly throwing hat. Where do baby cows go to eat lunch? At the calf-eteria.
A Jew walks into a wall with an erection. Gets a broken nose. What does an Asian get? A broken nose. What's the difference between a painting and Jesus. You only require one nail to put up the painting.
"You kids and your smartphones, when we were your age we just dealt with having nothing to do with our hands." *Lights another cigarette* Mom: "Do you want this?" Me: "No." Mom: "Ok I'll give it to your brother." Me: "No I want it."
I tried to catch some fog earlier. I mist. How do you fit 4 gays on one barstool? Flip it over!
What did the baby eating cannibals say in the hospital to the expectant mothers? Fetus!!! I am looking forward to 6pm Thanksgiving Day when Walmart opens its doors for its annual sale of trampled human corpses.
Why do teenage girls hangout in odd-sized groups at Starbucks? Because they can't even. Yttrium-barium-copper oxide walks into a bar The bartender tells him, "We don't serve superconductors here." He leaves without resistance.
It was only after I started dancing in the food court - alone - that I learned flash mobs are planned... A guy pick up a woman Then he puts her down
College guy: How do you like it? Me: Salty...of course *slaps down $20 CG: We'll take two pretzels with salt ~Get outta the gutter pervs Every night, I take all of the singles out of my wallet, spread them on the bed, and pretend I was pretty that day.
How many anti-Trump protesters does it take to change a lightbulb? TRICK QUESTION. THEY CAN'T CHANGE ANYTHING. Which gospel contains Jesus' parable about the shades of numbers? Math hue.
My teachers are like my girlfriends... They are both best between periods. Ibuprofen is my favorite headache medicine that also sounds like a reggae professor.
I like to surprise cross-eyed people they never see it coming Ted Cruz getting elected.
I love Easter. My unborn children get to play find the egg tonight. Before I destroy a wasp's nest I like to capture a single wasp and tell it my entire diabolical plan.
I present to you the world's shortest poem, entitled "Fleas". Adam had'em. What's Al-Qaeda's favorite American football team? The New York jets.
Sick eagles are forbidden by law. They're illeagle. INTERVIEWER: Why do you want to work here? ME: *crumbs tumbling from my mouth* Oh, I don't. I was just walking by and saw you had donuts.
Do the right thing today: Go to someone's profile, scroll down 4 months, and like something. Coming on valentines day. Fifty shades of grey. There won't be a dry seat in the cinema.
Where does a general keep his armies? In his sleevies Did you hear about the midget psychic who escaped from prison? He's a small medium at large.
What do you call an angry wind? A cross breeze. Someone didnt click the button in /r/thebutton Yeah... Thats a good joke , he impossible!
I once had a job crushing cans. It was soda pressing. What's the difference between a car tyre, and 365 condoms? One's a Goodyear, an the other's a great year.
If you're drunk, you're 3 sheets to the wind... ...if you're stoned, are you three papers to the wind? Roses are red, Violets are blue. I have a gun. Get in the van.
What do you call a girl who expects a guy to do everything for her, make all the first moves, and text her first every day? SINGLE I've struggled for years to be above the influence... But I've never been able to get that high
Amazon Asked Me to Write a Review Amazon asked for feedback on the used telescope I bought from their site. I was honest with my review: "This telescope sucked. Two Stars." With Facebook, you can stay in touch with people you would otherwise never talk to, but that's only one of the many awful things about it
Why do people hit things (ex. TV, computer, etc.) when they don't work? Well, it worked with the slaves. What's the difference between a blonde and a washer? When you dump your load in a washer, it doesn't follow you around for a week.
What place of business helps dogs who have lost their tails? A retail store. Have you ever heard of the movie "Constipation"? No? Most likely because it never came out.
I really was gonna jog at the park today....but I just found an empty park bench so I'll just have a few smokes and cheer the joggers on. What's black, blue and doesn't look too well? Stevie Wonder
Friend: You'll find love again. Me: STOP THREATENING ME I saw a French rifle on eBay today It's never been fired but I heard it was dropped once.
How the hell did Charles Manson get like 16 people to murder for him? I can't even get two kids to brush their teeth. What did the car said to the valet? I've been through a lot.
"Honey, can you bring me a roll of toilet paper?" Toilet paper- "I have a boyfriend" Bill Clinton must be the luckiest man in the world. All of the sex he has, with Hillary, you know it's hate sex.
A man tells his wife "Here's your aspirin, my dear." Wife: Why are you giving me an aspirin? I don't have a headache. Man: Gotcha! Let's fuck! yeah girl.. shake that thing where poop comes out of. it really turns me on when your poop factory shakes faster than usual
What do a married guy and a single guy have in common? They both think the other one gets laid more. "I can't stand when people say they hate both of the presidential candidates." --Stephen Hawking
I hate it when my teachers hit on me. It sucks being homeschooled. A Mexican fireman had twin boys He named them Jose and Hose B
Russia is invading Ukraine? US: "NATO my watch!" I was drinking at the bar, so I took a bus home. That may not be a big deal to you, but I've never driven a bus before!
Cartoonist found dead in home . Details are sketchy. Donald Trump will ban the sale of shredded cheese He wants to make America grate again
What do you call a stillborn grizzly cub? Unbearable Things have really turned around for me since I re-named my penis and testicles "JD Power and Associates".
Teacher: This is the third time I've had to tell you off this week what have you got to say about that? Pupil: Thank heavens it's Friday ! My sex face is the same as my first pee in three hours face.
What's the difference between Trump and a Halloween pumpkin? The pumpkin is bright. My cat just walked by me carrying a toy mouse I don't remember buying her. Women be shoppin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
murderers are my pet peeve. im a real chill dude until i get murdered, then you better be prepared to have some sarcasm thrown your way Why did the Xbox owner cross the road? To fuck your mom.
Why did the meme crossed the road A meme beme screme Sometimes you check the amount of subscribed people. When you do this, there are 4,111,093,0003.666 "humorists". 2/3rds of a person? Really?
My doctor said he couldn't prescribe me with Viagra. No hard feelings. I don't believe in Bigfoot; because he never believed in me. I'd scan the crowd at my ballet recitals, and always see that one empty seat.
You know what's way better than an iPod? A zune What did the porn actress say when she opened the door? Make sure to come upstairs.
Every time you make a typo... the errorists win I don't judge people based on color, race, religion, sexuality, or gender...I base it on whether or not they're an asshole.
Today's Relationships: You can touch each other, . . but . . . . not each others phones..! Why were the baker's hands brown? Because he kneaded a poo.
When Jesus was crucified, what was the cause of death? Cross Contamination Not to get too technical, but chemistry says alcohol IS a solution. So I win.
Who wears a red suit, and knows if you are naughty or nice? The Spanish Inquisition I often think if I'd taken a different path in life, I could be lying on a slightly more comfortable sofa right now.
What do you call 3 mexicans breaking into somewhere? Trespassers I'm terrible at telling jokes... I always punch up the fuck lines
Just bought diapers and toilet paper because all my family does is shit. What did the hillbilly say to his sister after she asked him to have sex with her? If you incest.
I will do a lot of things but admiting I'm cold to my mom when she told me to bring a jacket is not one. "You know what, we need a huge spoon to take care of this" -Guy who invented shovels
Anyone you can do, I can do better.. How to keep the flies off the bride at an Italian wedding Keep a bucket of shit next to her
A man walks into a bar The bartender says "watch where you're going" What do grandparents smell like? "Depends"
Whole Foods on Sunday is just a refugee camp for people with too much money. 7% of all hearing loss is a result of sitting in a restaurant next to a table full of women who just received dessert.
Who is that walking up my driveway?! Anxiety in 3...2...1... [knock, knock] *sigh* "WAIT A SECOND!" *mumbles* "I need to find pants." What do people from the 1930's and /r/news jokes have in common? They're both old.
As a politician... You need to shake hands &amp; kiss babies... ...and take good care not to confuse the two. I like my slaves like I like my coffee Fair Trade.
in an era of declining male friendship, the rap crew is a more appealing concept than ever ME: I fell off a 50 ft tall ladder once GIRL: holy cow how did you survive ME: I fell off the bottom rung
What to do when a blonde throws a grenade at you... What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back. What do you call a blind dinosaur? A do-think-he-saurus :) !! Lol What do you call a blind dinosaurs dog? A do-you-think-he-saurus-rex
There was a fire at the local university. It was a smoke-free campus, so everyone present was arrested. I just bought a very tiny amphibian for a pet. It's my-newt!
[Last Supper] Jesus: *holds up bread* This is my body *holds up wine* This is my blood And this is Sparta! *kicks Judas into a pit* This may be not be a mainstream opinion, but I don't believe you should cut down a Christmas tree unless you intend on eating it.
At a First Date Conversation At a first date: He: "I work with animals every day!" She: "Oh how sweet! What is it that you do?" He: "I'm a butcher." Jenna Jameson to Oprah, "There's a little bit of Jenna Jameson in everyone." I'm pretty sure she got that backwards.
I needed a password at least eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs... Even after 20 years, Jared Fogle is still getting into smaller and smaller jeans.
Once upon a time, there was a Mexican family... that had only Juan kid. I have a degree in men's studies. It's called "world history". #TRUMP 2016! YOU CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP!
I'm hoping the nuclear strike button & the trap-door for hecklers button on Trump's desk are completely different colours. Why don't most fans like the first 39 episodes of DBZ? Its pretty gay, just Saiyan.
I like my coffee just how I like my slaves Free. My ex-wife still misses me... But her aim is gettin better.
*gives up horoscopes for Lent *caves and reads horoscope "You are weak willed and lack conviction" This doctor once told me eating a bagel was like eating 5 slices of bread and I was like ok, cool, I like bread
My friend has OCD and says he doesn't like white girls. Maybe because they can't even What do you call a three-humped camel? Pregnant (Told to me by one of the kids at work)
The Pope walked into a bar and was arrested for diddling little boys. What did the two tampons say to each other? Nothing, they're both stuck-up cunts.
I'm very pleased with my new fridge magnet. So far I've got twelve fridges. What do you call Jay-Z having a leg transplant? A hip-hop hip op.
Being poor means having to read the menu card from right to left. What defies the law of gravity? Women. They heavier they are, the easier they are to pick up.
Fastfood Clerk: Number 27! Double steak combo with extra fries! Man: Right here! Clerk: Here you go sir, sorry about your weight. Man: Oh, it wasn't long at al- wait... Clerk: &gt;:D Everything has to be related in a woman: if the mouth shuts, the legs open.
People are loving this whole 'birdie sanders' thing but... i don't recall a similar reaction when bill clinton got a bird to come Wanna hear a pun about long hair? Rapunzel.
How much for these old batteries? For you? No charge. "I'm so pissed I could punch a ba-" "A what?" Big Baby from Toy Story 3 hovers over me, sawed-off shotgun in hand. "A bagel. I HATE carbs."
I am eternally grateful that Twitter doesn't have an "is online now" indicator What's the difference Donald Trump and my Vagina? One's a Cunt and the other has nice hair.
Boss: What's for lunch? Me: Food. B: What kind of food? M: The kind you eat. B: ... M: ... B: ... Me: You hired me. This is your fault. My doctor had to put me on a new medication that's supposed to help lower the amount of karate in my blood
why dont women drive? because theres not road from the bed room to the kitchen [uses the restroom] Wife: make sure to put the toilet seat down Me: okay Me: [to toilet seat] you're worthless and nobody likes you
Teacher: Why are you Late Today? Student: Because of sign down the road. Teacher: What does a sign have to do with your being late? Student: The sign said, "School Ahead, Go Slow!" Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a supermarket trolley? A: The supermarket trolley has a mind of its own.
New Subway rule: You must give the person in front of you a wedgie if they take more than 5 seconds to choose what kind of bread they want. You know... When someone says to you "Jesus loves you." It's always comforting. Unless you are in a Mexican jail.
Q: What's the difference between a chicken and a grape? A: They're both green except for the chicken. When I hear "This call is being monitored for quality assurance" I think "Cool, let's see how bad this person wants their job."
Just one time I wanna see The Bachelor get a cold sore You know what the definition of "competitive" is? Finishing first *and* third in a circlejerk.
I saw a man at the beach yelling "Help, Shark! Help! I just laughed, i knew that Shark wasn't going to help him. How do you know if your wine was made in the 90's? It smells like teen spirit.
My doctor told me I should do something about my athlete's foot. But that's what makes me such a fun guy. What was the name of Paul Revere's favorite porno mag? The British are Coming
Trump is a godsend As in 1000 B.C. plague [car wreck] [hand reaches out] "Take my hand. I'm Chad Kroeger from the popular band Nickelback." [I let the flames slowly bake me alive]
Why do Jews always seem to find spare change laying around? They cents it. Just waiting for Steve Harvey to come out and say it's actually Clinton any second now
I always thought that Last of Us needed more animals Nevertheless that giraffe scene with Ellie, fantastic. Chicken Why did the chicken cross the road? Why? To go to the gay guys house Knock knock Who's there? The chicken
Once a guy at the grocery store yelled at me to stop talking on a banana like a phone so I hung up and shot him with it. Teacher: Why do we put a hyphen in a bird-cage?  Pupil: For a parrot to perch on miss.
On Facebook, my friend became a fan of Paris Hilton, Heidi Montag and Nickelback. I became a fan of unfriending her. I visited Amsterdam this summer, and decided to have sex with a prostitute. It was an overall positive experience. Sadly, it was an HIV positive experience.
Did you hear about the new text-a-fart service? It's just one cent per scent sent! Yup. If pasta & antipasta ever touch, they annihilate. For your safety, that's why restaurants never serve them together.
Next wedding Im saying its a open bar but when u get there its going to be cash.Just b/c its a 3rd wedding doesnt mean u can skip it slacker Alcohol is like Lysol for feelings, it won't kill all of them.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor. When my wife takes a nap, it's "desperately needed rest." When I do, it's "lazy chauvinist party-time."
Wife smelled eggs and thought I was bringing her breakfast in bed. How do I tell her it was just me with gas?! "Update the Force, young Skywalker" Said Adobe Wan Kenobi.
What do you call a musical wreath made from $100 bills? Aretha Franklins lookin for a quick and easy way to beef up that scrawny bod and really turn some heads at the beach? float dead in a lake
Why did the crazed Packers fan throw out all of Aaron Rodgers's forks? They were too Cutler-y. TIL A ref can show a player the red card for a loud fart ... even if it isn't Messi.
What's Santa's favourite metal band? Sleigher. What did the wise man say to the fat guy? You should probably go on a diet.
I met my girlfriends dad last weekend, he told me "Anything you do to my daughter ill do to you on my front lawn!" I said "I suppose you'll be buying me dinner on your front lawn?" Who is better? The 3rd wave feminist or the pencil? The pencil is better. It has a point.
News report: Al-Qaida training monkeys to use AK-47s in battle. Not only is that scary, it's pretty much the coolest thing I've ever heard. Guys, I think I found the Cure to Aids! It requires having a Magic Johnson.
Terrorists are so slutty They'll blow on the first date Why do you call a Mexican midget a paragraph? ...because he's too short to be called an essay.
Did you hear Bruce Jenner was in a car accident? He was unhurt but his tranny was damaged. This morning I had a swollen testicle. "I'd have simply preferred toast," I told my wife.
My friend died today... He wasn't able to speak, but in his dying moments he wanted me to have his EpiPen. I'll cherish it forever. "What's that?" A divorce jar. Every time we fight you put a dollar in and I'm a little bit closer to freedom. *puts in dollar* "WTH!?!"
One wonders if actual douche bags are now available in Ed Hardy designs. What do you call a blonde in a BMW? Optional.
They say divorce is ruining marriage, but my wife's parents are still married... ...and so are my girlfriend's. If you have a parrot and you don't teach it to say,"Help, they've turned me into a parrot." you are wasting everybody's time.
Why are Father Christmas' reindeer like a cricket match? Because they're both stopped by the rein. My 8 y/o memorized my 12 character password that has upper and lowercase letters, numbers and symbols but can't remember to flush the toilet
Operator: 911 Me: My wife is going into labor, what do I do? O: Relax sir, is this her first born? Me: No, this is her husband. What do you call a racist dog from Animal Crossing? KKK Slider
After several drinks last night, I had a great Buzz. Unfortunately I was no longer able to get a Woody. Me: waiter, do you have frog legs? Waiter: of course monsieur Me: good, hop over there and get me a beer
Africa and Asia are playing baseball Asia strikes out Africa, Europe It's comforting to know that the US government works the same way as a college student when it comes to deadlines... They both wait until the last minute, then get an extension.
I hate people who steal the punchline. I'm keeping mine a secret. What did the man with The World's Largest Penis say when he had to have his legs amputated "Don't worry, I still have my third one."
Genderfluid? I just call that semen What's the worse thing to do to a blind person? Leave a plunger in the toilet
Meet the parents When I was interviewed for a job in the chemistry department, they asked me if I had lab experience. I said I was more of a cat person.
Hey, NSA,,,, if you're going to read my posts, would it kill you to like them? There are two types of people in this world. And I hate them both.
I will marry a woman if she knows homer is Not a Simpson and Plato is Not clay I'd give these pigeons some bread but they'd probably just spend it on drugs.
My vacuum cleaner is so good it collects dust even when I don't use it. Two skeptics walk into a bar.. I'd tell you what happens next but noone knows
Anton, do you think I'm a bad mother? He: My name is paul. Everytime you pull the trigger a bullet loses its job...HAHAHAHA! Because it gets FIRED. HAHAHA! *I'm in tears*
It was time to show my girlfriend how i really feel.. so i showed her my hands.. In China the labels read, "Made by someone you know."
Investment question If a leopard and a cheetah both had companies, which stock should you buy? A: The leopard's, because cheetahs never prosper. It would be great to be born on Earth and die on Mars. Preferably not on the point of impact.
Today, a midget insulted me, so I had no choice but to punch him in the face... I never thought I'd stoop so low You could be a "Before" model.
[strong] Zoroark, male, 50 Sebas Descartes walks into the bar. The bartender asks him, "will you have your usual tonight?" Rene replies "I think not" and he disappears.
Been throwing up gang signs all morning. Must've eaten some expired gang signs Anyone want to hear my Human Centipede joke? Nah, I won't tell you it. It sucks ass.
One time I told my blind Nana to go on a seafood diet... She died a week later. My dog can predict when an earthquake is going to happen. But television doorbell versus actual doorbell baffles him every time.
Thought of this the other day as a 22 y/o... How do you win the vegetable race? You need to get ahead of lettuce My favorite knock knock joke. I need someone to start it ... Someone start the knock knock joke ...
What's the best thing about being the 'third-wheel' for your friends in relationships? Nothing. It always fucking sucks. My Parents asked me what i wanted for christmas... I said i want something to wear and something to play with. So they got me a pair of pants with the pockets cut out.
What do you call a productive Asian? China get something done. With 10K characters, I can finally get into great detail about how I'm not allowed at the company family picnic any more!
What do you call making your booty clap for likes and upvotes? Social netwerking [at my funeral] So young, how did he die? He ran into oncoming traffic after walking past a group of adults saying the word "bae"
Hubs proposed to me with a really cool flash mob and a medley of Nirvana hits. JK. He was like, "I wanna marry you." And I was like, "K." Stealing my little brother's (fellow Redditor) original joke, hope he sees it and is pissed. What do you get when you cross a pig and a Christmas tree...? A Porky-Pine
Friend: Will we be hearing the patter of tiny feet soon? Me: *grabbing her arm too hard* You know about my squirell army What do you call a frisbee that's more than a friend? Frisbae
Good thing girls started uploading pictures next to a pool with the caption "Summer is finally here!" or we wouldn't have known it's summer. What does a sheep say after walking into a disgusting, dirty bar? Ew.
I'm teaching my dog to jump through burning hoops. This is my 12th dog. What's the best part of a pregnancy joke? The delivery.
There is no peer pressure like washing your hands because someone else walked into the bathroom. I lost my virginity to a retarded girl last night. I wanted it to be special
"I love the north pole and hate the south pole!, wait I love the south pole and hate the north pole!" ~ a bi-polar bear What is the biggest compliment you can pay at a gay bar? Pushing in somebody's stool.
Timmy walks in on his mother getting dressed... Now you're thinking of the time you saw your mothers breasts. What is your best "Yo mama" joke?
When Gregor Mendel did his groundbreaking experiments with pea plants, ... ...it was a classic case of publish or parish. What's a pirate's favourite type of weaponry? It's ARRRtillery! bonus: A pirate's favourite melee weapon? A scimitARRR
*Pearly Gates St. Peter: No way! Me as angel: It's the rules! SP: But the drugs and sweari- M: ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN! Snoop: Fo' Shizzle. Hey, who did you vote for?... I wrote in Michael J. Fox. I think he can really shake things up!
Why the new Apple Pencil isn't included with the new iPad Pro. There is no point. I once had a crippiling masturbation addiction... ...now i have a sex addiction, could you say my addiction has gotten out of hand?
Happier than a witch in a broom shop. Do it tomorrow. You have made enough mistakes for today.
I asked my best friend if he was gay or not. I never got a straight answer. Why did the Mexican take his Xanax? For hispanic attacks.
A man fell into a river. Why did he refuse help? He was in The Nile *Guy tries giving me his phone number* Me: Oh no thank you. I already have one
Q: Why did the Davidians commit suicide? A: They were trying to keep up with the Joneses. I'm glad it's the thought that counts because I spend all day thinking about the shit I should be doing.
God likes Saturn more than he likes earth Because if he had liked it, he would of put a ring on it. A man balks in a war He is discharged for dereliction of duty and takes up drinking.
What is a buttress? A female goat. Instead of calling them flyover states we should call them comments section.
How do you know Adam and Eve weren't black? Have you ever tried to take a rib from a nigger? A triangle exploded and a piece hit me. It was a 60-debris angle.
Did you hear about the man whose vape device exploded while he was smoking it? It was a mind-blowing experience. Yo mama so lazy she thinks a two-income  family is where yo daddy has two jobs.
How do you annoy your girlfriend during sex?  Phone her. Does a cow give milk? No, they have to take it from her
I've decided to start a new line of 'extra-shatter' measuring sticks. Because rulers were made to be broken. Breaking Bad is my favorite documentary about what it takes to be an entrepreneur while balancing family life.
Why is there a fence around the graveyard? Because people are dying to get in! My black cat just ate my four leaf clover. That can't be good.......
It's like "society" expects you to wear "different clothes" every day. Why can't a bike stand on it's own? Because it is two tired.
What do you call a rifle that fires 3 bullets at once? A trifle! What did the gay guy say to his lover when they were going on vacation? "Hey, can you help me pack my shit?"
Why do the bald seem to handle life so much better than the rest? They're always eager for more on their pate. Coworker: Stop Me: collaborate and listen Coworker: Don't Me: you forget about me Coworker: Hey! Me: teacher, leave them kids alone
Why did Mickey get hit but Donald didn't Because Donald Duck. What's an extroverted accountant? One who looks at your shoes while he's talking to you instead of his  own.
How do you know if your sister is on her period? Your dad's dick would taste like blood Why are hillbilly murders hard to solve Because they all share the same DNA
I wish I could smack the stupid out of people and if you think this status is about you smack yourself for me! My house is really small until I can't find my phone.
Why isn't Mexico in the Summer Olympics? Everyone who can run, jump, and swim are already over here. Dear President Obama, I've got a joke for you... I texted it to Angela Merkel. Did you... *get it*?
You're only as good as your last tweet. Sorry, but breaking up with you on facebook was the best way of letting all your friends know I'm available.
A Russian goes for an eye check up The Doctor shows the letters on the board: CZWXNQSTAZKY Doctor: Can you read this ? Russian: Read ??? I even know the guy, he's my cousin. I don't understand women. I also don't understand how a car works but I still drive it.
Just a friendly reminder that the world supposedly ends in 73 days. What are the 3 stages of sex after marriage? Tri-weekly Try Weekly and Try Weakly
Recently, a Catholic hair stylist made news traveling around slandering the pope and Catholicism, angering many members of the faith. The pope denounced him... calling him a "hair-a-tick" How do they calculate global warming? Al-gore-ythms
If I had a nickel for every time someone called me OCD I'd have 27 dollars and 15 cents. What happens when Turkeys get the common cold? They quit smoking.
Knock Knock Who's there ? Cliff ! Cliff who ? Cliff hanger ! The hands that help others in need are holier than the lips that pray.
Little Timmy lived in Flint But little Timmy is no more For what he thought was H2O Was PbSO4 What do gays and melons have in common? cantaloupe...
Ha! Major typo on page 28 of the new iTunes agreement. Anyone else catch that? My girlfriend is great in bed... But I don't know how my best friend would know that.
Do not judge a book by its cover, unless there's a Swastika on the cover What do you call a Jedi who worries about not making deadlines? Panickin' Skywalker.
I'm bad at misleading people Not Why did the composer go to the chiropractor? Because he had Bach problems
What do you call a man, with no arms or legs, in the middle of the ocean? fucked [Justice League HQ] SUPERMAN: Looks like Batman is hungry tonight MOTHMAN: [visibly sweating] I think I'll just fight daytime crimes
What happened to the cross-eyed circumcist? She got the sack If we attacked Turkey from the rear... ...do you think Greece would help?
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza? I don't like my pizza burnt. A sheep, a drum and a snake fall down a cliff badum tss
Give a fish a worm, he lives another day Teach a fish to worm, he becomes the best breakdancing fish around My favourite word is snigger It allows me to be sracist without speople sthinking I'm a sbad sperson
What's the worst part of breaking up with a Japanese girl? You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message. How do you hide an elephant in a fridge? You remove his slippers and open the door . You put him inside. You close the door and take the slippers away.
What did the man without a voice box say? Pete and repeat are in a boat Pete and repeat are brothers. Pete falls overboard, who's left?
Sharp and short! **Husband** : I love you! **Wife** : Not today! What do you call a green cow in a field? Invisibull.
My girlfriend broke up with me. When she did, I gave her a note that said "Great Job!" I wanted things to end on a positive note. What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say to the gym manager when he was joining a new gym? I'll re-rack.
I must admit, my "Kiss Me, I Have The Zika Virus" T-shirt is giving me a lot of personal space inside this subway car. You're shoes are untied! April fools! Got ya!!
You've seen those mobile trucks for grooming pets, I just saw a mobile barbershop truck for humans and thought... I wonder if a dog drives that? Right now a group of women at a baby shower are simultaneously saying, "Awwww..." while some knocked up chick holds up a tiny pair of socks.
Flowers bee like Gentlemen test At least most tests have the decency to ask me my name, before they fuck me.
Read more Apple jokes What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off.
/u/kn0thing I went in to hospital for an operation... I asked the anaesthetist if I could administer the needle myself, and he said: "Sure, knock yourself out".
My dad used to warn me about anal He said "Son, this might hurt a bit." A piece of shit walks into a bar It's my dad... My dad is a piece of shit.
What does Harry Potter say when he wants a cigarette? Tobaccio What's a snakes favourite dance ? The mamba !
Woke up and saw my shadow and it looked fat. Six more weeks of self-loathing. What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off!
which came first the chicken or the egg? The rooster What is the last thing that tickle-me elmo gets before he leaves the factory? Two test tickles
What do you call when a female physicist decides to try dating women for a change? The double slit experiment. What do you get when you cross a sheep stealer with royalty? Mutton Looter King
What do you call crazy testicles? Cuckoonuts An Indian redditor gets an arranged marriage. He turns to his partner and says: "Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!"
50 Cent used to be 1 Dollar... But now he's only half the man he was. What do you tell a woman with two black eyes? ..........Nothing you've already told her twice!
[my wife and I watch a drunk white girl fall out of a cab] I've never drank that much.... [wife looks at me in disgust] ugh, ok I have. I'd kill for a microwave that plays Europe's "The Final Countdown" during the last 30 seconds.
what did socrates learn from the T-rex? i dino Did you hear about the skeleton who didn't go to prom? He had no body to go with.
There is an American Olympic diver named "Steele Johnson". He could have a great job in adult films with that name... What do you call it when a jugaloo sleeps with his girlfriend after a fight? Make up sex.
Have you heard the one about the ceiling fan? Oh, it's over your head. How does a baboon make phone calls? He just monkeys around on the line!
I bought a Christmas tree today. The guy asked me if I was going to put it up myself.I said, "No, I'll probably put it in the living room." Kids are like farts. You don't mind your own, but others peoples are just unbearable
Pepper spray does not taste like pepper. Over the past year, my sexual fetishes have been slowly getting more perverse. But it wasn't until I spanked a statue that I realised I'd hit rock bottom.
What do you call a search engine that sings Christmas songs? Michael google. I milked the cow "We don't have a cow" the neighbors' cow then "Their cat?" Pretty sure it was a cow he was saying moo "Meow" Ah shoot
Past, present and future walk into a bar... it was tense Dear Shirtless Guy in his Profile Pic, You REALLY want to impress girls? Get a job & pose in front of your cubicle.
Whats the best thing to put into a Christmas  cake ? Your teeth ! The IRA have been fighting for Irish reunification since the 70s. . . All they needed to do was vote for the Conservatives.
Where did the Martian put his teacup? On his flying saucer. How many Reddit admins does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they like to keep the mods in the dark.
What do you call a cross between a skunk, a wolverine, and a porcupine? "Sir" from a distance. Why is Chapstick so popular? Cause it's the balm baby!
What do you tell a smelly Japanese person? Takashawa. What is the best advice to give a worm?  Sleep late.
I like my coffee like I like my women Iced cold and milky white If I was antisocial I wouldn't have just ordered a pizza over the phone.
What's do you call a tampon tutorial? A demenstruation What's a sluts favourite drink? 7 Up in Cider
An environmentalist group found a place with the world's highest recycling rate... /r/Jokes Facebook buys Instagram for one billion?!? Idiots!! They could have downloaded it from the app store for .99 cents..
Mall Santa: what do you want for Christmas? Me: drugs. Mall Santa *whispers* meet me in the food court in 20 minutes. I may not be getting laid tonight, but I'm definitely banging my snooze button in the morning.
There are 2 things in this world that i hate. 1. racism 2. black people I want to make a series about the murder of an airline crew but I still have to shoot the pilot.
KING SOLOMON: I shall cut it in two, half for each of you. WOMAN: sure ME: OH GOD NO! KING SOLOMON: ok this is clearly your meatball sub. My friend always wanted to work in animation, but never got past the interview He just couldn't understand the difference between a professional "colorist" and a professional "racist"
A Priest and a Rabbi were walking down the street... when they passed a little boy. The priest leans toward the rabbi and says, "Lets's fuck him!" The rabbi asks, "Out of what?" [sees a zebra for the first time] What's up with that horse? [sees a giraffe for the first time] Okay, what the hell is going on today?
ok honey, you're going to love this movie. all you need to know is that "robocop" is short for "robot cop" so as I went in to vote this morning, an old lady told me to make sure I voted for the candidate that could make change. Boy, is my bank teller going to be surprised!
I guess if your a meth head You've only got one sleep until Christmas You're so fat and unfunny... that the only punchlines you have are stained on your shirt.
What's the most important meal of the day to help you lose pounds? Brexit A kiss will make her day But anal will make her hole weak
Guy says, "damn, there should be a law against having sex this good!" The girl said nothing, for the drugs had left her unconscious. Glue is weird it's all like hey I want to stick these pieces of paper together wait I have an idea hand me that dead horse
I played a blank CD full blast on repeat all night last night. The mime next door went nuts! Why are women and children evacuated first in a disaster? So we can think about a solution in silence
I love you my friends and that's not just the beer talking. It's from the bottom of my bottle of wine too. Waiting for the day when a girl finally says that I'm "the one," but isn't talking to a police officer.
Teach us About Absolute Zero! 0K! Some people say Glenn Frey got pneumonia from the cold... But that can't be true because he said the Heat is On.
Q: What country is ill? A: Germany. A duck walks up to a prostitute.... And says, "put it on my bill"
When I see ads on TV with smiling, happy housewives using a new cleaning product, the only thing I want to buy are the meds they must be on. What is the best part about having sex with 23 year olds? There's 20 of them. (Works better in person)
Teacher: "Who built the first American car?" Student: "Me Pilgrims." Teacher: "The Pilgrims?"  Student: "Yeah they made the Mayflower Compact." My love for you is like a fart. Everything about it is powered by my heart.
Sorry about the concussion Steve but it wouldn't be called a "trust fall" if it worked every time. What did the Mexican gang member say when two large houses fell on him during an earthquake? Get off me, homes.
My friend is so stupid she thought Alabama is a city. Don't worry, I informed her Alabama is the president. "You're a unit of power Joe." "I'm a Watt?"
I try to be a good sport, but sometimes I'm badminton. I once bought an e. e. cummings poem collection.. It was the worst game of Mad Libs ever.
When is it ok to snipe police officers? As Dallast resort. Why is it that the more numbers someone has in their e-mail address, the less I respect them?
I hate it when winter comes. It makes my wenis so dry. What does the mayonnaise say to the refrigerator? Shut the door im dressing
Q: What happens when two snails fight? A: They slug it out. My bank account status is more scary than the Conjuring!
Whats the difference between Gabrielle Giffords and her husband....... Her husband flies in a bullet whereas bullets fly in to her.... too soon? If you ever need help learning C++, I can give you some pointers. And you can keep me as a reference.
A clown and a child walk into the dark woods.... The child looks up at the clown and says "I'm scared." The clown replies "You're tellin' me kid, I have to walk back alone." What have you done wrong if the wife keep complaining when you try to watch TV in the living room? You made the chain too long in the kitchen.
What is a ghost's favorite street? A boooooooolevard. A good rule of thumb is to never be in Liam Neeson's movie family.
What could you create with Starbucks caramel mocha chip frappuccino? The Audi logo and The Olympics logo. If you pour two beers in one glass, it's just one beer.
*Skrillex' mother puts her ear to his bedroom door* *She hears constant bass drops* *Dad walks up* "Sounds like he's Wubbing one out.." Why was the baby ant so confused? Because all of his uncles were ants!
Hey Bradley Cooper's eyes: the most beautiful sky imaginable called - it wants it's color back Don't buy whitening toothpaste It says guaranteed whiteness in 14 days. 15 days have come and gone... and I am still asian.
Big shoutout to the lazy, seven year old idiot who named Red Delicious apples. After the Thanksgiving dinner, everyone says (-1)/8
Yo mama is so fat that we were unable to put her under for the surgery. I'm sorry, there's nothing we could do. Simba - "welcome to... The bone zone" Nala - "the what?" Simba - "elephant graveyard. I said elephant graveyard"
My cats are named Ra and Isis. In ancient Egypt, they would have been gods. How are doctors so well tempered even under heavy stress? They have a lot of patients
I love jewish comedians they never ham it up. I wonder if dog's had facebook, would they put our picture as their profile picture.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? One stops sucking when you slap it and the other is a blonde. Why are Native Americans the most successfull strippers? Because when they dance, they make it rain.
The ocean isn't shark-infested. It's the ocean. That's where sharks live. We aren't supposed to be there. Humans infest the ocean. My ex-girlfriend was a slut. She bust more nuts than a pistachio junkie. edit: Going through a potential breakup, so if you see this, this isnt about you, babe. Dont leave me, please.
What's the first sign of AIDS? A pounding sensation in the ass. Why Did the Ebola Patient Cross the Road? Trick question. There are no roads in Africa.
When you're accused of buying someone a gift last-minute at Walgreens, don't reveal you actually went to Walgreens a month ago. ME: Haha you can tell them any name and they have to say it BARISTA: I have a latte for "A Person Who Deserves Love"? ME [crying]: Hahaha
My feet were killing me yesterday. I bought some in-soles thinking they'd probably do nothing to help. Today I stand corrected. Peter Pan escaped the adult world... ...by becoming an alcoholic. He goes by Peter the Panhandler now.
My girlfriend and I were talking about pets, she said she'd like to get a manatee. I just laughed and said, "Two sugars, please." How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony? It's not hard
im smart. if asian equals pi then four times four is sixteen told you i was smart... My Grandfather had the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
What did the druggie do when he got acid? Took some tums You just know I knew my girlfriend was furious when I blew my load early last night....I could see it in her eyes
TIFU by mixing up by wifes sandwich order at Subway. Whoops, wrong sub. FOR SALE: Faulty Guitar. No strings attached.
is thinking that with their track record, buying condoms at a BP station is just taking too big a risk! An atheist, a vegan, and a crossfit fanatic walk into a bar... Who talks more?
[blind date] "I'm like, really good at *looks on hand* making the sex" -did you just read that off your hand? "Hey! You're not blind!" How is light beer like having sex in a canoe? They're both fucking close to water.
The old farmer hates when the horses neigh at night. The weird noises give him night-mares How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles. I'll see myself out.
If you can't buy a person, you can always sell him. What do you get when you cross an insomniac, agnostic and a dyslexic? Someone who stays up all night wondering if there is a Dog.
What do bulls do math with? A cow-culator! (Cue groans) What do you call a number that won't sit still? A roamin' numeral. :P
#1: My personality is 30% the last movie I watched. Where do drinks go on vacation? Coaster Rica
What's the difference between a women's track team and a tribe of smart pygmies? The pygmies are a bunch of cunning runts. I farted in the Apple store and everyone got pissed at me. Not my fault they don't have Windows.
How to get mustard out of your white shirt.. 1) go to a store 2) buy a new shirt I left Stephen Hawking like 8 voice mail messages before I realised he'd picked up every time.
Why, yes, that is a banana in my pocket! *removes banana* How did you know? *begins to peel & eat banana* I'm still glad to see you though. My terrible Joke but I never forget it. A dyslexic man walked into a bra....
I named my iPod "The Titanic" Oh look! It's syncing now. What type of school did Sherlock Holmes go to? Elementary :)
Anyone else want to join my all Mexican tribute band? We are called Juan Direction. Believe it or not, my wife and I were actually matched on Tinder. We'd been married for 12 years.
What do you call a bear without teeth? You call that fellah a gummy bear. I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream. This kid working at Baskin Robbins is pretty scared. Now he's crying in the corner.
my agent sent me a list of my followers & circled all crude avatars in red ink. if i dont block these people it WILL cost me the Arby's deal So a Trabi owner pulls up to a gas station... ...and says to the attendant: "Two windscreen wipers for my Trabi please." The attendant replies: "That sounds like a good deal!"
The boy that used to bully me at school still takes my lunch money.... He serves up a great burger and fries. How many police officers does it take to change a light bulb? None, because they'll just beat the room for being black!
What's the difference between an art student and a philosophy student? A philosophy student asks you *why* you want fries with that Coffee so good it helps a little old lady cross the street.
just got my nipples pierced! and they gave me a discount because I have so many! Why did the semen cross the road? Because I put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
Before meeting a hot chick, wish I could talk to the dude who's sick of her bullshit. What did nazi pilots eat for breakfast? Luftwaffles
I poured my root beer into a square cup Now I've just got beer. So a blind man walks into a bar He hurts himself pretty badly.
If our last names came from the jobs of our ancestors... Then I feel really bad for the boys of the "Dickinson" family tree. If you're not one of the first five boys in the yard, you almost never get a milkshake.
So...Donald Trump was on The View today. I kept rewinding it and watching it trying to spot Elizabeth Hasselbeck's boner. sometimes i visit websites that have videos of people making love
In honour of Agatha Christie, turn off all the lights and kill one of your work colleagues. Why aren't Tyler Perry movies for the light-hearted? They're dark comedies.
I bet short people get really excited when they accidentally hit their head on things. Every woman I've ever been with only saw me the way they wanted to see me... ...in their rearview mirror.
Did you hear about that new lesbian reversal medicine? It's called Trycoxagin. How do you tell the circumference of a pecan Pecan pi
Sneak into the employee bathroom at Target and make some violent alien noises, maybe leave a jellyfish in the toilet How do you figure out which contestant in a Ms. America pageant is a prostitute? Look for the one with the sash that says "I da ho".
Knock knock? Who's there? Come in. Come in who? Me. Ethiopian Cuisine... is a bit bland. It tastes like nothing.
Her: What do you do? Me: I drill for oil. G: That sounds interesting. M: No, it's really... H: Don't do it, I'll leave M:...just boring I love raccoons. Part cat. Part dog. Part rodent. Part bear. Little people hands. What's not to like?
How did Watson and crick blow their chance with a hot girl? They said, "baby you'd look good if you got a pair of skinny genes" [Google search history] Moles How to kill moles How to make homemade bombs Rescue moles from cave-in Dealing with regret Mole stew
What do you get from a cow on the North Pole?  Cold cream! A guy walks into a bar... Ouch.
What is similar between the life of an Ethiopian kid and the hype of Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare? They're practically non existent. Standing in the park, I was wondering why a Frisbee gets larger the closer it gets. And then it hit me.
Why is 6 afraid of 7? 'Cause 7 was a Registered Sex Offender. When in doubt, just do the opposite of whatever the person wearing pajamas in public is doing.
If body builders religiously try to gain weight.. Does that mean they go to the gym for mass? [Ouija board] Spirits are you there? U R C U T E D O Y O U H A V E K I K *flips board*
What do you call a cow without legs? Ground beef. Not being able to read because your book ran out of batteries is a pretty hilarious first-world problem.
The EU referendum I liken the EU referendum to being in a pitch black room with two men in a mandatory rape scenario with both of them telling you theirs is the smallest. My internet connection on my farm was be terrible until I moved the router in the horse barn. Now I have stable WiFi.
I'm black, and I really hate it when my white friend doesn't answer my calls. I guess some old habits never die... White man always leavin' me hanging Putting captions in the wrong place You know what I hate the most...?
Charlie Sheen Says He Has HIV... Finally a positive in his life. What does a sheep call a film it doesn't like? a baaahhhd movie. (   )
What's the difference between a refugee and E.T? E.T learned English and wanted to go home. An irishman walks out of a bar...
What did the Cannibal do after he dumped his Girlfriend? Wipe his ass. Brexit There is a new slimming product in town. It is called Brexit. It'll help you lose a lot of pounds.
I've created a new type of bubble but I don't know how to describe it. It's indescribubble. Orange Julius is the third best thing to happen to oranges behind mimosas and the "orange you glad I didn't say banana" knock knock joke
I'm always good at figuring out who dies first in a movie but sometimes directors fuck with me by casting too many black people... What is a bear's favourite drink ?  Koka-Koala !
Order a pizza then act confused when it arrives. "A delivery for Aaron? Aarons DEAD. He DIED ordering a pizza in this house 10 years ago" Why do golfers wear 2 pairs of pants? Incase he gets a hole in one
"Any two-watt bulbs?" "For what?" "That'll do. I'll take two." "Two what?" "I thought you didn't have any." "Any what?" "Yes, please." How do you stop a baby from crawling in circles? Nail its other hand to the floor.
Do you have hair around your nipples? Is it particularly in the hair-eola? ... I came up with this the other night while half asleep. Be gentle. What is the favorite food joint of dubstep makers? Sub-WUB-WUB-WUB-way
HORROR STORY- U are the only one alive in a post apocalyptic world. U tweet and it gets retweeted! Two fish are in a tank... One is driving, and the other is manning the guns.
Why do elephants squirt water through their noses? If they squirted it through their tails it'd be very difficult to aim. Steve wrote home. 'I'm glad you named me  Steve' he said in the letter. 'Why?' asked his mother in her reply. 'Because that's what all the kids at camp call me' he wrote  back.
Boy, I hate small talk. *coworkers all grimace* He's right behind me isn't he? *Small talk starts cracking his knuckles* Do hamburgers make good vampires? No because they always find themselves in ghoulash situations!
A midwife delivered a baby and asked the mother " wow your baby has such lovely hair, does he get it from his dad?" The new mother replied " I don't know, he wore a hat" Whilst at college I did experiment with marijuana. I did it in snow, I did it in sleet, but I did not in hail. ^-- ^Ed ^Byrne
What's the difference between a paycheck and a D**k? You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck. I paid 10.50 for a movie ticket to watch Tom Cruise die continuously for 2 hours. I would have paid a hundred dollars to watch that.
Calling your girlfriend Dumbledore.. ..cause she's the real head master A Spanish magician announced that for his final trick, he would vanish into thin air. He counted down: uno, dos, then POOF! He was gone, without a tres.
It was so hot today I saw a robin picking earthworms out of the ground with a pair of tongs. Is that mine? I was walking down the street when I saw black guy with a laptop. Is that mine? I thought. It looks exactly like mine... but that can't be... Mine should be at home cleaning my shoes.
what's harder than closing your blinds? My dick as I watch you through them A Bug's Mind What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when he crashes into a windshield? His asshole.
was that your rat running around here? - it is not a rat, it is a dwarf doxie - my cat ate it, meaning that's rat My mom recently bought a Jesus shaped flashlight When I asked her why she said: So whenever someone says "I can't see" I can be like "here, let Jesus light the path"
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister in the chin Why is my Chinese girlfriend so bitchy? Well it's true, you are what you eat.
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter, he's not going to come anyway. (might of already been posted) They just found a Black guy hanging from a tree with 79 stab wounds in Alabama.... The police say it's the worst case of suicide they've ever seen
Pretty offensive joke: Why does all Turkish men have a mustache? because they wanna look like their mother. Q: How many Kings of Spain does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Juan
I love when I leave work early to surprise my wife at home and she greets me with those three very special words... "Were you fired?" Don't you just hate it when people answer their own questions? I do.
What Did the Sadist Do to the Masochist? Nothing. The hotel we stayed in for our holiday offered bed and board but it was impossible to say which was the bed and which was the board.
Weighed myself. Did elliptical for 30 minutes. Weighed myself. Half a pound heavier. Never exercising again. My new cooking show, "Will Sasso Cooks With His Exposed Dick Really Close to the Food" premieres tonight (8/7 Central) in my mind. Be there!
when interviewing a person for a dog walking position, you must make absolutely certain that given the chance, the applicant won't eat a dog *nose hairs growing out of control *buys tiny scissors *jam them in the eyes of whoever I catch staring at my nose hairs
dwights farm as suffered a massive blight, almost bankrupt he was signed for a massive record deal on the condition he give up farming turns out all he had to do was drop those sick beets I'm trying to write a poem for my girlfriend, does anyone know what rhymes with threesome?
Did you know that the Shitzu and Bulldog breeds can never crossbreed ever? Just kidding, that's bullshit. Pro tip: If a woman asks you how she looks, the correct answer is not "like Dan Aykroyd."
Not all Girl Scouts are nice. Some silent fart while you're filling out the paperwork for Thin Mints and they don't even say they're sorry. I complained to my wife that I was short staffed at work She responded "yeah, and you have the same problem at home"
Why did the North Korean defect to South Korea? He did some seoul searching. I overheard two female coworkers say there was a creepy dude listening to their conversation.
Pro tip: Instead of having kids, just adopt a couple raccoons. They'll trash your house too, but at least they can feed themselves. What do you call kangarooo jump and play hocky? the fam copter
I entered an astronomy competition the other day... ...I didn't come first but I did get a constellation prize What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun? Luke warm
*thumb wrapped in giant bandage* CW: Oh my God, what happened? Me: Never challenge a hitchhiker to a thumb war. What's black and white and red all over and can't get through a revolving door? A nun with a spear through her head.
My Christmas tree isn't the only thing that's getting lit this time of year What idiot called her a Hot Indian Girl and not a Bomb Bae
What do you have to do to have a party in space? You have to Planet. Ignorance is not bliss. It's just a fancy word for stupid.
Why was 6 afraid of 7 Because 7 was a registered 6 offender What did the Marine Biologist say when he saw two eels making love? "It's a Moray."
9/11 Jokes aren't funny. The other 2 however, are hilarious! I submitted 10 of my best puns to a Joke competition expecting at least 1 to win, but... No pun in ten did..
What do you do when you want to hold a bunny? You grabbit. Shoutout to people who don't know what the opposite of in is. I'll give you some time for this one.
Where is the most extravagant brothel in Switzerland, with the most expensive hookers? The FIFA headquarters. Did you guys know that water can talk? Water you talking about?
Walking down the street today someone handed me a free air guitar... No strings attached... ME: all the King's horses and men couldn't put u back together HUMPTY DUMPTY: what now M: [opening package of bacon] I'll think of something
Uncle Bill always gave 100% Son: How did he die Dad? Dad: He donated blood. How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw on a light bulb? TO GET TO THE OTHER SIDE!
What is the difference between a pizza and a Jew? A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven If chopsticks were really better than a fork... ...wouldn't we be digging ditches with pool cues?
Why are Jews so bad at maths? Cause they can never find the final solution First woman on the moon W: Houston, we have a problem H: What is it? W: Nevermind its nothing H: What is the problem? W: Nothing... H: Tell us what the problem is! W: NO!
It must be tough to live in Europe. There's neither land nor way.. Thank god I have the newest, fastest iPhone so I can mindlessly check the same three apps 500 times a day.
Have you heard of the grammar nazi? He is really anti-semantic... Jared Fogle was guilty and got 16 years He was just grateful for anything under 18. Credit to SNL that joke might have converted me to watch.
What would call a person who isn't worthy of being looked at? Unseaworthy What's an STD's favorite kind of pizza? Heperoni
Where do nazis go on vacation? The holocoast. This hating of people who breast feed in public places has to stop! I'll raise my dog however I like.
Funny Book Title Thread! I'll start: "How To Get The Most Out Of Your Bank Heists" by Fillmore Sacks A woman's JJ sized breasts saved her life in a car accident. Those same breasts were the cause of her husbands death in a motorboating accident.
Why did the irishman wear two condoms? to be sure, to be sure. Recent studies show that 1 out of 3 Americans weigh as much as the other 2 put together.
Marvel is making a "Winter Soldier" standalone film and I get to play his roly poly sidekick. They call me...the "Summer Sausage" [date gets back from the bathroom] those batman toys in the tub are so cute! How old are your kids? "kids?"
What is Kanye West's favorite breakfast food? Omelette you finish. I just Googled 'Nicolas Cage jokes' and it showed me a list of every film he's been in. Well played, Google.
There's 4 and a half inches of light snow outside ...or as most the men on Tinder would have me believe, 8 inches and really thick. I've been listening to the official workout station on Pandora for 3 months and I'm still fat, I'm calling bullshit.
Current beard: Outdoor woodsman Current body: Indoor couchman I was going to break up a fight between two Rabbis... But they were just arguing semitics.
"The holocaust didn't happen, Buzz Aldrin did 9/11 & I wear my mom's panties." - guy who doesn't know how to play 2 Truths & a Lie Pavlov's doorbell One tuesday afternoon Ivan Pavlov is reading the paper, when his neighbour rings the doorbell. Ivan jumps up out of his chair, suddenly remembering: "Shit, I need to feed the dogs!"
A photon checks into a hotel... A photon checks into a hotel and is asked if he needs any help with his luggage. "No thanks, I'm traveling light." What did one tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing they were both stuck up cunts.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? DO IT YOURSELF YOU FILTHY MAN! HER: You look so nervous. ME: *nervously* HA. I'm never nervous. HER: You're sweating. ME: *just freaking out* That's bravery moisture.
Never go shopping on an empty stomach, I just went to Macy's before dinner and ate 7 turtle necks When I was 8 years old, my dad got me with the worst dad joke ever. He said he was going to the store and would be back soon...
What Pixar movie will Rick Astley never let you borrow? He's never gonna give you Up! Credit to my friend who doesn't even Reddit. Do you hate yourself? Do you wish someone would trip you down stairs? Do you enjoy lacerations & and surprise vomit piles? *hands you a cat*
Am I financially wealthy? No. But am I rich when it comes to relationships, happiness, and experiences? Still no. I found where my mom hid the scissors, so everyone in my house woke up with a new haircut this morning.
Met a beautiful girl down at the park today.. Met a beautiful girl down at the park today. Sparks flew, she fell at my feet and we ended up having sex right there and then. God, I love my new Taser... What do you call the retarded guy that follows the band around? The Drummer
My friends bakery had burned down yesterday Now his business is toast. What is the best thing about twenty six year olds? There are twenty of them
I let a blind man borrow some money the other day He said he'll pay me back the next time he saw me Why was there semen on the clean laundry? When Greg woke up, his mom had left a note reading, "Please put a load in the washer"
Ugh. "What's wrong honey?" My bad knee is acting up again. *knee robs a gas station* What did the Mexican say when I pushed him on the lawn? Grassy Ass!
How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. ............. JK rolling! I once was bored so I decided to eat a clock to *pass the time*. It was very *time consuming*. Yuk yuk yuk yuk yuk
Why did Tigger stick his head in the toilet? He was looking for Pooh. - *My little brother told me this one; hit me with a little bit of nostalgia.* What do you call a grammatically incorrect horse? An horse.
You know it's a crazy party when the toilets smell less of puke than the dancefloor. Have you ever seen those "Give a penny, take a penny" things at convenience stores??? that makes no cents
Why do elephants have four feet? Because six inches would look silly. Me: .... Dog: ... Me: .... Dog: ... Me: ... Dog: ... Me: .... Dog: ... Me: ... Dog: ... Me: ... Dog: have the shrooms kicked-in yet? Me: ..
What's the difference between dark matter and Black Lives Matter? Dark matter has the capacity to leave an impact on a system I bet if I were a MAN Apple wouldn't tell me my password ideas are weak.
Kid Rock must be an Adult Rock by now. if people really didn't want to hear smartass responses they wouldn't keep asking questions like "do you know why i pulled you over?"
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? The bitch can suck my dick in the dark for all I care.... I have this fun drinking game where you take a drink every time you'd like one because you're an adult and you can make decisions yourself.
Hardcore I've just changed my first nappy. My wife doesn't like me wearing them but since I bought Call of Duty it means I get more game time. I'm sorry, Black Lives Matter is actually a peaceful and forward thinking movement that our society needs... Now if you could all stop sending me death threats on twitter that would be great.
I like my slaves how I like my coffee Free My girlfriend left me after I broke her wheelchair..... Oh,, I think she'll come crawling back soon..
I broke my arm in a couple places; know what the doctor said? "Stay out of those places!" Someone should invent a version of Twitter for people who spell things like rappers. They could call it "twita". Dat would b nize
Lit a few candles after my power went out last night. My cat has been scared shitless ever since. Ever since I put the pussy on the chain wax NSFW Men are like a deck of cards... You need a heart to love him, a diamond to marry him, a club to smash his fucking face in and a spade to bury the bastard!
CAT: mew ME: indeed, u are correct kitty CAT: mew ME: well said, kitty, well said FRIEND I FORGOT WAS THERE: are u ok...? Emotionally? The Grapes of Wrath 2: The Raisins of Revenge
Why did the chicken cross the road? **To kill its self** This is no joke **#CHICKENLIVESMATTER** Yes, life is meaningless, but some of the food is decent.
What kind of modeling clay does a dog use?  Fi-Do! "You know what." -- They.
You can lead a human to knowledge.... but you can't make them think. I don't like drive-thru's I think it's money out the window.
Pretty unfair that sharks get a whole week and vampires only get a weekend. What do you call a Chinese conga line? A Chu Chu train
To help me get to sleep I'm counting miners. Why was pregnant Cinderella late to the ball? Miscarriage
How does a physicist milk a cow? First, he assumes the cow is a sphere. THE HORROR! *splat THE TRAGEDY! *splat IT'S AWFUL! *splat SO MUCH BLOOD! *splat WHY IS THIS HAPPENING?! *splat -It's raining men.
I need to know how to swim in pussy... ...cause im drowning in it What the quickest way to a mans heart? Though his chest with a knife
I've had enough of this shit. I thought to myself as i sat on the toilet for 3 hours. *watching Dateline* wow this is the worst dating show ever
Did you see the story about the missing dolphin? I'd tell you more about it but there's really no porpoise... Where do you find an enlightened mosquito? In Bhuddapest
I try to fill the void in my life with food... But it always goes to shit. Guy comes home with a flower bouquet... "Guess I'll have to spread my legs now", says the wife. "Why? Don't you have a vase?" the husband replies.
The reason you can't go back after going black is because none of them have a car to take you back or a job to buy gas. Two rabbits were being chased by a pack of wild dogs... One says to the other "should we stop and outnumber them?" ... &amp;nbsp; "keep running you fool we're brothers!!"
[CIA] -We need you to kill the leader of Russia. "I'll be Putin a bullet in his head. Carl Marx my words!" -Alright! Who invited PunMan?! I just got a new job at a gay magazine. I'm a poofreader.
I'd probably be, like, 5% cooler if I wasn't terrified of being on a moving skateboard. No one is more unnecessarily confident than a white person that just ordered Mexican food in a Spanish accent.
I'm so hungry I could eat this piece of paper. *adds salt to resume* If these walls could talk I'd fuckin' move out immediately.
s/o to the fact that ketchup is a smoothie b/c tomatoes are fruits lol DIDNT SEE THAT ONE COMING DID U FRIES OMNOMNOM What do you call it when two designers argue about what file type to export a graphic to? Getting into a bit of a .tiff!
What did the pirate tell his littler sister when she asked if she could hold his parrot? ISIS A doctor reaches into his pocket and finds his rectal thermometer He says "Shit, some asshole took my pen!"
Relationships are easy as pie! *burns pie* how many people does it take to save the world? zero (compliments to my SO who thinks she made this up)
Circumcisions are painful. When I got mine right after I was born, I couldn't walk for nearly a year How do skeletons reproduce? They bone.
The wife & I fought last night. Saying things that can't be taken back. Like perishable goods. Baby food. DVDs with broken seals. Underwear. Finally got around to shaving my crotch after a few years. Its nice to see my knees again.
Bad Joke You: Can you believe they're still together after all that crap Friend: Who? You: My butt cheeks! I'm ready for the cop-buddy film where they actually get along in the beginning but hate each other by the end.
I've just received my 14th Christmas card from the Alzheimer's Society. How many people does it take to change a light bulb in Brazil? A Brazillion!!! http://imgur.com/c4CJjUd
Why did the turtle cross the road? To get to the shell station on the other side! *bum bum chi* How do you make an Amish woman happy? Three Men-A-Night
I walked a girl down into the dark woods. She said it's very scary. I said how do you think i feel i have to walk back alone.. Letsh Have Shex! -Horny Sean Connery
A gorilla was shot I was playing pokemon go and the next thing i knew , a gorilla was dragging me around wtf mom If two people had a race and one had sand in his shoe but the other did not, who would win? The one with sand in his shoe -- if it was quicksand.
[first date] ME: one of my biggest pet peeves is people who think the world revolves around them MY DATE, WHO IS THE SUN: i see I know dream catchers don't work because I've never seen one in a car worth more than two thousand dollars.
Lady:(standing in the middle of a busy street)  Officer can you tell me how to get to the Hospital? Officer: Just stand where you are!!! Thankful that Five-Fingered Shoes company doesn't make pants.
One day ISIS is going to screw up and accidentally hit 'add your location' to a tweet. When is a pedofiles favorite part of a hockey game? Before first period
Did you hear 50 Cent was selling concert tickets for just $0.45 cents?! It was featuring nickleback... What do you call a vegetable who has escaped prison? An escapea
I just met a girl with 12 nipples... Sounds pretty freaky, *dozen tit.* At my last checkup the doctor said he needed a urine sample, a semen sample and a stool sample ... ... I said " Doc, I can speed this along - I'll just leave you my underwear !"
Only in America: We have a holiday devoted to gratitude & then less than 12 hrs later beat the shit out of each other for a $10 crockpot. [pulls out acoustic guitar at a funeral] alright everyone stop being all [finger quotes] sad this next 1 is dedicated to a very sexy widow.
So many people on Facebook "Like" everything but grammar. If you do not say it, they can't repeat it.
If We Elect Donald Trump President. Life is like art done in chalk, beautiful but temporary, enjoy it while possible.
What's everyone doing for Seis de Mayo? If there are three gay guys in a bath and a lump of cum floats to the surface, what do they say? Who farted?
To the guy in the wheelchair who stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide, but you can't run Why the gills in the sea don't drink tea even though there is plenty of water That will make them all guill tea!
How I feel when watching youtube... I dont mind the buffer ... I dont mind the adds... But when the ads buffer... I suffer Taking calculus has made me want to become Prime Minister of a European country Then I can just throw money at problems instead of trying to integrate them.
Anyone know how long we are supposed to "Shake It Off"? Taylor never specified and frankly I'm exhausted! My friend used my todo list to roll a blunt He's high on my list of priorities
How come I need a complex, indecipherable password to get on Twitter but only a 4-digit number to remove all my money from an ATM? From now on when skinny girls say they're fat I'm just gonna be like, "Yup" & walk away.
Did you hear about the nurse who swallowed razor blade? She gave herself a tonsillectomy, an appendectomy, a hysterectomy, and circumcised three of the doctors on her shift. What did the homeless person say to the gay job interviewer when asked for his address? No home-o.
I want my tombstone to read "Free WiFi" so people would visit more often How many people with dementia does it take to change a lightbulb? To get to the other side.
"Describe yourself in 4 words." Bad at counting. What type of fruit is not allowed to get married? Cantaloupe...
What does Mexican binary code consist of? Zeros and Juans. I like my women like I like my coffee... I don't fucking like coffee.
I broke up with my penis, so I wrote a song... Called "So Long". butts are truly the final frontier. to think we know more about SPACE than we do about the human butt. two fleshy mounds of mystery & wonder
Women who say, "Awwww..." after everything they hear are quite possibly the most annoying assholes on the planet. I find like geologers make really good friends... ...they are very down to Earth.
I once lived opposite a slaughterhouse. The view from my bedroom was offal. I keep getting the urge to purchase a big white bear from the artic... ...Doc says I might have "Buy Polar" disorder! EDIT: arctic*
Why were the yearbook students expelled? They shot the whole school. Heading to Chinatown after work... I heard it's Erection Day.
Women are like sand. The deeper you go, the wetter they get. How do you get a gay man to fuck a woman? Shit in her cunt.
God hates fags He prefers a nice, fat, dank blunt. I want to start a coffee shop that only plays ambient/electronic music... and call it Brian Beano.
Did you hear about the pigs who took up motorcycling? They wanted to catch bugs with their teeth. I like my girlfriend's new glow-in-the-dark braces... ...her smile really lights up the room now.
Why are you being weird about how we made eye contact and both smiled and then I took the form of an actual bat and chased you for 11 miles This bank pen tastes like it's been in a lot of other people's mouths
Nascar Rain I think if NASCAR would quit being sponsored by the movie Noah we wouldn't have so much rain on race day :) Redditors don't like this [Deleted]
How do I disable the autocorrect function on my wife? Mom writes to her son in Poland's army: "Dear Son, I am writing this letter ever so slowly..... ....because I know you cannot read fast"
"Choas Theory"-themed restaurant: Eating Disorder Did you hear about the calendar thief? He got 12 months; they say his days are numbered!
replace the chair in the Oval Office w/slightly bigger chair every day for next 4 yrs til trump looks tiny + his feet don't touch the ground The best thing about adolescent humor... is that it never gets old!
My uncle used to ruin every Thanksgiving with his drinking problem, but now he found Jesus and ruins it with that. I hate how the losers of every election maintain such a high view of themselves... They're conceded
What did the ruler gain a reputation for while campaigning? Straight talk. I didn't see mommy kiss Santa, but my sister saw her kiss the mailman, which explains why I'm the only one with brown eyes in the family
I become instantly beautiful when I put on my sunglasses. -Every girl, ever. Why did the vampire attack the clown? He wanted the circus to be in his blood.
Why are people leaving the Ukraine? I don't know but they sure are Russian. "It's 5 o'clock somewhere." - a shitty watch.
What did the carpenter say to the girl he loved? Oh sweetheart, you are the eye of my maple.... How do I know when your sister's on her period..... Your dad's dick taste like blood
What did the Dalai Lama say to the guy in the kebab shop? "Make me one with everything." What do you call going Doctor to Doctor... What do you call going Doctor to Doctor to figure out what your inflammatory bowel disease is called? A Game of Crohn's.
Sucks that these Crest strips only come in white What's the difference between a pizza and a black man? The pizza can feed a family of 4.
I don't like Jewish jokes. Anne Frankly I won't stand them. Knock knock. Who's there? Benjamin. Benjamin Who? Yes, Benjamin Netanya Who.
I like my cigarettes like my Instagram. \#nofilter Edit: learned formatting If you hear the words "oh yeah, suck it" coming from my bedroom, it's probably just me vacuuming.
When I get naked in the bathroom.. The shower usually gets turned on. A photon walks into a hotel The bell boy walks up and asks, "Do you have any luggage?". "No," says the photon, "I'm traveling light."
[moving her panties to the side] HEY MAA, I'M MAKING ROOM FOR MY LEGOS IN YOUR UNDERWEAR DRAWER. If your'e anxious and you know it..... ...clasp your hands.
Shoutout to Batman for being a true American and proving the only superpower you need is money. its macaroni and cheese not macaroni and steve
What do Ebola patients eat? Abola chicken noodle soup! People always complain that I'm "out there." [On the phone. To the cops. While I'm sitting in their birdbath.]
Bad grammar is my biggest pet peeve Their is nothing else than pisses me off more then seeing people use it. *job interview* Why do you want to be a psychiatrist? *pictures clients acting like chickens after I click my fingers* I want to help people
What is the name of the Asian pointing out everyones mistakes? Xu wong Here's two short jokes and a long joke: joke. joke. joooooooke.
What does "IDK" mean? I keep asking people, but they don't know either. "911, what's your emergency?" Me: A cute guy at the laundromat walked past me while I was folding my period underwear.
What do my wife and my math teacher have in common? They both love to create problems that I am apparently supposed to solve. What do you call a relaxed redneck? A chillbilly.
I used to work at a fire hydrant factory. Benefits were good, but the parking was terrible. Dog's Facebook status: Tried to save the master from the vacuum cleaner today... He just yelled at me.
I have recently learned that it is considered poor form to sit on Santa's lap and ask to be made a widow for Christmas... The more you know. Ever since the news came out about Samsung.... Their phones have been blowing up.
Two wind turbines are having a paddle 1: What's your thoughts on renewable energy? 2: I'm a big fan. Osama Bn Laden Jokes in the title.
My hamster died... He fell asleep at the wheel. What is the term for a group of Canadians? Is it "an apology"? "Oh look, there goes an apology of Canadians"
I'll do a lot of things for money, but I draw the line at working... Trump wants to appoint Ben Carson to the Department of Education, but I think he would do better in the FDA He can feed everyone with all of the grain in those pyramids.
In my interview for the binman job, I asked if you needed any special training... The interviewer said "nah you just sort of pick it up as you go along". Putting a woman on a $10 makes sense . . . . . . no one really wants a 1 or a 5. (As heard on Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me)
I went door-to-door today telling my neighbors I'm a registered sex offender so they'll keep their damn kids out of my yard. I always check my smoke alarms to make sure they're working. I call it "cooking"
I worked at a Chili's when I was in college, which is so embarrassing. I usually just tell people I was a stripper. [wife looking at pictures of my dead body with police] "why isn't he wearing a shirt" we believe he removed it when he challenged the coyote
How can you tell if a Redditor is an extrovert? During any conversation he's looking at YOUR shoes. Put the punchline in the title. How do you piss off a redditor?
Strip search? Fine but I'm going to need some music. I just found out I am a hipster Because I started using #NotMyPresident 8 years ago.
What's the difference between a Porsche and a porcupine? The pricks are on the outside of a porcupine. What's the difference between a computer and a woman? A computer only has to have information punched into it once.
I bought a gun from Chekhov... I figure I'll have to use it at some point. I just released my mixtape in Tianjin. It was da bomb. Too soon?
If you plant a block of ramen noodles in the ground and water it with cold ones every day, it will grow into a college kid. It's science. How to meet a girl: 1) Walk into a bar. 2) Shout "Heroes in a half shell." 3) When a girl yells back "Turtle Power," marry her.
Police officer asks driver if he recognizes himself. Police officer asks man if he recognizes himself. Then the driver pulls out mirror and says ''yes it is me'' What's the sharpest thing in the word? A fart. It goes right through your pants and doesn't leave a hole.
I once shot an unarmed man Well I was the one to shoot of both his arms but still... *calls into work* "yo boss i'm real sick" "you don't sound sick..." "ya, just got a new tribal tat & heelys" "wow u do sound hella sick"
What does a baby diaper and Obama have in common? There both full of shit. I'm not saying that girl's a slut... But she has touched more wieners than Heinz ketchup.
Why do we PARK on a DRIVEway, but my mom's boyfriend Craig won't let me call him Dad when we hug? A Kiss can make my whole day... But anal could make my hole weak
Oriental Rugs and Tubs... could be a furniture store or a dyslexic whorehouse. The best joke you'll never hear
What do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking? Slow down and use some lube how are a silver medalist and a priest alike They both came in a little behind
So I just listened to Kanye's album... Dafuq? I wonder if a ghost has ever watched me masturbate.
A young Jewish boy asks his father if he can borrow $50... His father replies: "40 dollars!, what could you possibly need to borrow 30 dollars for?!?" S is my favorite letter because it changes biscuit to biscuits.
Im going to nickname my penis 'The Truth'... ...Because you want the truth, but you can't handle the truth, and sometimes the truth hurts. Saw a homeless guy babbling about conspiracy theories that doesn't really make sense... You could say it was a vague rant.
but what does Jesus do when he wants to swim Blessed are those who are cracked, for they are the ones who let in the light!
Rick Astley: Do you have any Pixar movies I can borrow? Me: You can have Cars, Toy Story & Ratatouille, but I'm never gonna give you UP. Remember before Amazon reviews when you could just buy a toothbrush without 6 hours of research?
You can extend the olive branch.. but you can't beat them over the head with it Don't judge me because I like 80's music. Judge me because I had a late term abortion because a baby would ruin my holiday plans.
Love will tear us apart. Also, bears, wolves and some other woodland creatures. When someone uses the bathroom and asks about the wine cork floating in the toilet is why I don't invite people to my house.
Why does Mexico rarely wins medals at the olympic games? All the ones who can run/swim/jump already made it to America. What's a con-artists favorite holiday? Scamentine's Day.
What happens when you step on an oily asian? Better not say. I feel like I'm already treading on a slippery slope. An infectious disease enters a bar... the bartender says,"we dont serve your kind here". The disease replies, "well you're not a very good host!"
sometime soon theyll all be screaming my name.. at the jamba juice because my order is ready and i am checking my phone If four out of five people suffer from radiation poisoning... Does that mean the fifth one enjoys it?
How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan Kenobi was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents... Having the option to erase and re-record after having to leave a voicemail is one of my favorite things about life.
What kind of protozoa likes  Halloween? An amoeboo! My neighbours are loud and obnoxious. Now I know how Canada feels.
What would a Prius minivan be called? Post-us Stealing mosquito repellent... Jacking Off!
Fidel Castro's last words Fidel Castro's final words were: "revive me I have the ray gun" What do you call a small, noisy dog? A subwoofer.
Young enough to know I can, old enough to know I shouldn't, stupid enough to do it anyway. September is Alzheimer's Awareness month... remind me tomorrow.
What's the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich? I don't fuck a sandwich before I eat it Well it's like my dad always told me "When life gives ya lemons" Chances are you're in the fruit aisle.
GOD: I call this Tupperware SATAN: remember when I let u crash at my place and u said u owed me one G: yes S: make the lid a little smaller What English King invented the fireplace ? Alfred the grate !
I assume the Burning Bush was the Bible's first recorded STD. I just saw the Assassins Creed Movie Trailer... I did not expect The Spanish Inquisition.
So you got mustard on your jeans. Shut up about it. We live on a wet marble that flies circles around a giant burning star. Fuck your jeans. Why do Canadians do it doggy style? So they can both watch the hockey game.
My girlfriend said to me that she wanted me to tease her, so I said, "All right, fatty." Dad and son A son asks his father "Why does my bum hurt" while the father replies "Because I love you son"
Did you hear about the Lord Of The Rings and Taxi Driver fanatic who had a bit of a stutter? He said to his friend, "Jay, R, R you Tolkein to me?" Why does little sally have a limp? SHE WENT TO JARED!
Be Alert The world needs more lerts. A programmer began to cuss Because getting to sleep was a fuss. When laying in her bed Looping round in her head Was: while (!asleep()): sheep++;
Divorce.... Is the fucking you get for the fucking you got! "Oh you just put lotion on? You're not going anywhere." - Doorknob
Small penises are like iPhones with cracked screens... They serve their purpose but nobody really wants one. I see you've got your bill for using the Internet Yes and my dad's really going to get the hump!
A construction worker asked me to make a joke about the contents of his toolbox. Unfortunately, I don't have any drill bits. When do you kick a midget in the balls? When he's standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice
Why did the boy who rode his bike over a barbed  wire fence miss his music lesson? Because he'd already done the sharps and flats. Islam is a race. Because it's inbreeds fucking each other.
I hate it when people ask me what I'll be doing in 5 years. I don't have 2020 vision, guys. Why don't you want your nose to be 12 inches long? because then it would be a foot!
What time does Sean Connery get to the US Open? Ten-ish Political Joke The Economy
6 things should be common in a Girl and Tea. Should be hot. should be strong. should be sweet. adequate milk. should be ready in 5 minutes. And lastly, won't let you sleep whole night :) Keep in mind that "The Cat in the Hat" is a lesson to your kids on how to throw a house party when you're gone...
Is onamonapia.... umderstood by deaf people? What's a lumberjack's favorite director? TimBuuurrrrrrrton
10 Money Saving Tips (Joke) http://travelmediacafe.com/2014/11/18/10-money-saving-tips/ Why do midgets laugh when they run? Because the grass tickles their balls
LPT: Always make sure to post to the correct subreddit. It is an embarrassing mistake and most people will think you're an idiot. When someone tells you to "get a Life," just take theirs. They'll be happy you took their advice, and you'll be happy they're dead.
Why did Adele cross the road? Because she wanted to say: &gt; Hello from the other side... Day One, living in one of those tiny houses: "Well, isn't this quaint?" Day Two: Murder
Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter. How to get a job... Interviewer: "What's your biggest weakness?" Interviewee: "I never learn from my mistakes" Interviewer: "Oh, why's that?" Interviewee: "I never make any"
When my girlfriend and I decided to make it official, I told her: I have to tell you, before we met, I was... well...promiscuous. Oh cool she exclaimed. I love Greek mythology. I showed my son a floppy disk today... ...he said: 'oh cool, you 3D-printed a save icon'
What do Germans look at on the internet? Danke memes What do golfers do on nights out? **par**ty.
Late night phone convo BF: Ok you hang up GF: No, you hang up BF: No, you first GF: Nooo, you first NSA: Shut the fuck up and hang up already! How does an Australian clean is bum? Bidet, mate.
All I want for Christmas is a stormtrooper who doesn't miss the target every time he shoots. I feel quite light today. Pounds aren't what they used to be.
It's called Facebook not Boobbook. So next time try to get your face in the picture too? K thanks. "Beat up anybody you see drinking 7UP" -first rule of Sprite Club
What do you call a black astronaut? Invisible Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity.
Why did the bachelors purchase double amputee strippers for their party? Because they were 50% off! Yo mama... Yo mama is so poor, she can't even pay attention
So Abraham Lincoln walks into a bar... ...and says, "I'll have a shot." Did I just make up a new lame joke, or has this been done before? I think I need to sleep. Difference between priest and acne? What is the difference between a Catholic priest and acne? Acne waits until puberty to come on a kid's face.
What did one lawyer say to the other? "we are both lawyers." Them: If you were stranded on a desert island with any two people, living or dead, who would they be? Me: Can they both be dead?
Abortions are so fun... ...they really bring out the kid in you T Rex isnt so scary if you imagine a bunch of baby T Rexes watching Barney just giggling and rolling around on the ground playing with keys.
Why should Trump be careful of deporting Mexicans? It could go south so fast. Since Michael Jackson's death hundreds of children have gathered at the gates of Neverland. Police have said that they will let them out once they find a locksmith. - http://ww.key-n-lock.com
Why did the Seahawks win the 2015 NFC Championship game against the Packers? Because even Aaron Rodgers is a 12! Did you hear about the constipated dyslexic? He had trouble moving his elbows.
Her: What do you do? Me: Global prosthetics distribution. Her: You're an artificial limb salesman? Me: I prefer international arms dealer'. Why are mountains so funny? Because they are hill-areas
I gave a blind man 10$ He told me he'll pay me back the next time he sees me. Why do gay men always have candles near their asses? So the gerbils can find their way out.
Did you hear about the egg laden rabbit who jumps off bridges? He's the Easter Bungee! [At the coroners' to identify a body] Me: "Yep. That's a body all right."
What's in common between Batman and a black guy? They can't go into a store without Robin What do Jesus and your mom have in common? They both got nailed all night.
Best Joke Ever... This US presidential election. Yup, I went there... How does J.G. Wentworth tell you that he's hungry? "It's my tummy, and I feed it NOW!"
Knock, knock. Who's there? Alan Rickman and David Bowie. Alan Rickman and David Bowie who? Alan Rickman and David Bowie have both died recently. I can see you're upset. Maybe you should post more about it on Facebook. That should eliminate any more drama.
What kind of government does Disney World have? A plutocracy Dear lord, I thank you for these noodles I am about to eat. Ramen.
It is WAY TOO EARLY for Christmas music. -people in the year 75 BC I have a pen..... I have a apple :D
Today a woman came into my doctor's office with a sexually transmitted mental illness. She was fucking crazy. I want a girlfriend with OCD, that way whenever I want to go home I can just say "Are you sure you checked the stove before we left?"
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish person? None. Nothing good has ever gone into a microwave at 3:00am.
Why does the food take so long at an Internet cafe? Because the servers cannot be found woke up just in time to push my cat off the bed before he threw up. today is going to be magical.
What us the difference between white, brown and black people? The time God took to cook us Just stirred my coffee with a fork if any of you guys are looking for a new bad boy to join your crew.
My stalker just threatened to kill herself if I didn't love her back. It's nice when problems resolve themselves like that.;-) I was licking this girl all over her face right up until she explained to me what doggy style was.
Found my son and his GF naked in his room, Sex-ED is so advanced. Now, they also give homework! What's the name of the best brewer in the world? Bock Goodale
His son asked him what gay meant. Son: Dad, what does gay mean? Dad: Happy son. It means happy. Son: Then are YOU gay DAD? Dad: No son...... i have a wife... If your tweet gets stolen and posted on Facebook... It's your own fault for not making it offensive enough!
*rings bell* "Can I help you?" Yes I'd like a dragon on my back an- *starts pooping on a crucifix* WTF? *checks sign on door* "Taboo Artist" To all the girls that say Gentlemen don't exist anymore: They do exist but Gentlemen are attracted to Ladies. Not s?uts.  Sorry.
I play with my hair a lot because I don't have testicles. Did you hear about the idiot who invented the one-piece jigsaw puzzle?
Why is it a bad idea to give Elsa a balloon? Because she'll "Let it go! Let it go!" This joke was made up by my 5 year old nephew. "Sugar" is the only word in the English language where "su-" makes a "sh" sound. At least, I'm pretty sure...
How do you get 50 Canadians out of a swimming pool? "Please get out of the swimming pool." A horse walks into the bar Several people left because they realised the possible dangers of that situation.
Me: This infomercial is so stupid. *10 mins later* Me: So all I have to pay on the 2nd one is the shipping and handling? I've decided to make an all-natural shampoo made from roots found in Africa. I'll call it Ethnic Cleansing.
Guess what came in the mail today I did, I ran out of tissue. What's the integral of 1/(cabin)? 1 natural log cabin. I'll show myself out.
In this economy I sometimes have to make tough choices. Like between eating or buy that cover for my iPad. What's the only thing an Irish person can hold on to? A grudge.
The Detroit Lions have been given guns to subvert increasing violence in the area... ...local zookeepers fear the worst. A Midget Walked Past Me On The Sidewalk Today Wearing A Shirt That Said "I Hate Black People" ...I thought to myself "Well damn- thats a little racist.
What do you call a cellphone company that uses nuclear power? Cher-Mobile Nsfw Whats the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? The zit waits untill you're 12 to come onto your face.
I just vacuumed my dog to cut down on indoor shedding, if you're looking for a life coach or whatever. True: If you don't eat a whole basket of tortilla chips before your entree arrives in a Mexican restaurant it means you don't love your mom.
I'm sorry I committed a home invasion but somebody had to do something about those carpets. What do you get if you cross Bossy with a vampire?  Dracowla!
How many male chauvinist does it take to change a lightbulb? None, the wife can cook fine in the dark A clown at the circus got tomato thrown at him from the audience, he turns and says HAY, THATS NOT FUNNY
When I got depressed, I joined the Army. I didn't have any experience or motivation, I just wanted a soldier to cry on. Doctors have confirmed that masturbation is life threatening Many men have died after having a stroke
What music is good to listen to while having a snack? 8 a bit music. The Presidential Debate We don't know if Hillary is telling the truth, and we're hoping Trump isn't
Most Offensive Jokes You've Ever Heard Dark/black humor, abortion jokes, dead baby jokes, show me your worst reddit. I'll start. What's better than winning gold in the Paralympics? - Walking What does a sheep in denial say? Nahhhh
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on a sinking boat. Who survives? America Q. How did the blonde die  ice-fishing? A. She was run over by the zambonis machine.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A mega-sore-ass. I really like those Black and White movies where no one speaks Inter racial porn.
Why did the fly eat all of the butter? He wanted to become a butterfly! hey girl are you my ceiling fan because i'm pretty hot but also too lazy to get up and turn you on
Bethesda Softworks announce that Fallout 4 will be postponed until April 2016 Don't worry you are on the jokes section Alien 1: What are the Humans doing? Alien 2: Celebrating the existence of their mothers. Alien 1: I ate my mother. Alien 2: As did I.
Heard this gem in the video game L.A. Noire. Three blondes walk into a bar. You'd think one of them would have saw it. Remove all the poles if you don't want me stripping, Mr. Bus Driver.
What's the most trifling thing about divorce when you have kids? Child custardy What Did the Upvote whore say to the Redditor? I'll suck yo dick for a Upvote
What's the hardest part of milking a mouse ?  Getting it to fit over a bucket ! Wiping your ass is a lot like a traffic light Red means stop.
lol these ppl "don't see race" right up until you start making beloved fictional characters black, then they're 18th century anthropologists I'm never more ruthless than when deciding who to wish a happy birthday to on Facebook and who to ignore.
I hate niggers "I'll be a dentist. Then they'll love me." "We're terrified of dentists." "I'll kill a lion!" "It was a beloved lion with a name." "Dammit."
Schrodinger's Cat is depressed Cat: No one came to my birthday party/funeral Just because I'm Irish doesn't mean I am always drunk. It means I always want to be.
Wife: Maybe its time for "the talk" Me: Ok. Son, cops can't bust you for the drugs you've done, just the drugs you have. Her: Not that talk! Just once I'd like to wake up as eager to start the day as my p*nis is.
How do you call a prison inmate? With a cell phone. My friend asked me... My friend asked me if there was a colored printer in the library I said wtf man it's 2016 you can use whatever printer you want
I can't stop drinking about you. Subway's Jared got famous for fitting into smaller pants... ...now he is known for hoping to get into really small pants.
*Throws up some gang signs* *stabs self in eye with salad fork* Hubs: Next time you do the Macarena, put your fork down. Kissing a sleeping woman in an animated Disney movie, romantic.....but do it on a bus and the judge doesn't agree.
Did you hear the joke about the bees? Its a bit long to tell you now but I asure you it was very honey! Why do melons always have big weddings? Because they can't elope.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? Investigator! What did Asian Jesus say before he was crucified? (OC) YORO (You only resurrect once)
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because there was too much pride on his side. What is the preferred coffee drink of people with alzheimer's? The Iforgotto
What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow? You can't milk a cow for 15 years You can consider yourself lucky in life, if the cognac you drink is older than the woman that you're sleeping with.
Did you hear how the crazy camping show was last weekend? It was in tents. What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a voluptuous lobster? One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean. :D edit: funnier when said aloud
What's the difference between a BMW and a porcupine? The porcupine has pricks on the outside. I just got a job helping a one arm typist do capital letters... Its shift work.
What's a pedophile's favorite type of shoe? White vans. I decided today that I want to have kids I hope they taste good
What's shorter than Mt. Everest? Mt. Everer What do you call a group of chickens dressed up like crows? A murder most fowl. (I'll see myself out...)
How do you know you're in a modern art museum? If you need to ask if the bench is an art piece. Which nut could pimp the Prince of Darkness? Mack-a-Dameon.
I added Paul Walker on xbox the other day... Too bad he spends all his time on the dashboard. *Courtesy of my cousin* Italians and Spaniards are so used to Catholic child abuse... ... That they call the Pope daddy
@BurgerKing I love the way all employees working the drive thru speak English as a 14th language. I just got a frog and an avocado. If you find yourself in a hole. Stop digging.
American girls A kid asked his Dad if he could have $10 for a guinea pig. His Dad says, "All I have is $5, why don't you find yourself a nice American girl." Tom got a backache from working as a seer. He's got the hunch.
Did you know Paul walker was on the radio when he died? He was also on the dashboard, the windscreen and the steering wheel. How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb? None. It's a hardware problem.
I recently had to stop making clothes for nuns... It was habit-forming. I love how fresh & clean my bathroom smells after I've killed a spider with a full bottle of windex
Got all the way to the car and realized I left my keys back at the office The two things I hate most in life: 1. ISIS and 2. Accidental exercise Guest: Why did you offer me a piece of candy? Hotel Clerk: You said you wanted the best suite in the hotel.
What did the fat guy give to the fat girl? Just the tip... Daughter: Daddy, why do I have to go to bed so early? Me: Because we have had enough of you for today
The most romantic restaurant in the world is not as dimly lit as the operating room on a TV medical drama. Everyone in my class is arguing about science, And I'm just sitting here, maths debating.
At least I have all day sober to Sunday up..... A policeman sees two boys, one with batteries, the other with fireworks He charges the first boy and lets the other off.
My parents once sent me abroad for the summer I didn't learn a thing from her. The best way of saving money is to forget who  you borrowed it from.
Weed strin humor At the dispensary there is a strain called Aldous Huxley. If you smoke it with your wife she becomes sterile. #LegalWeedJokes I like my chicken how I like my babies Deep fried and delicious
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? You can roast beef, but you can't pee soup. I bet a heroin addict could find a needle in a haystack.
40% of Americans over 60 believe... ... that they were at Woodstock. what did cinderella do when she got to the ball? gag...
Just watched a pirated movie On a scale of 1-10, I'd give it a 3.14 I got in trouble for calling the rape hotline... Apparently it's only for "victims".
How do you stop a woman giving you a blow job? Marry her. My daughter asked me how much longer until she can be a grown up and I said, "no."
Why do we hate making up gay jokes? Because it's always a pain in the ass I saw a sausage fly by my window I must be going insane it was actually a bird. I think I've taken a Tern for the Wurst
Why are Americans so bad at League of Legends? because they can't protect their towers If Kevin Bacon never said "want some bacon with your eggs" to a lonely chick in a bar, life just doesn't make sense anymore.
I love milk... It's got lots of cowcium. "Hey, wanna hangout?" "Later." "Now?" "No, later" "How about now?" "Jesus christ." -if Adobe Updater was your friend
What's the difference between a porcupine and a police car? In a police car, the pricks are on the inside. Follow your dreams. Unless you're a narcoleptic who wants to be a limo driver. That's dangerous, dude.
I just used Oxi Clean for the first time, and it's amazing. I'm starting to think Michael Jackson put it in his bath water. What was Hitler's last two words? Oy Vey!
Why do mice have a hole in their bottoms? Because otherwise they would be unable to track movement and move the cursor in the computer screen. Republicans help the poor during the holidays by sending 50 one buck at a time to panhandlers on the  street.
I always get told off when introducing my wife... Apparently, the label 'ex-girlfriend' is highly inappropriate. I can't tell if Michael Cera is actually an actor, or just an awkward guy who keeps wandering onto film sets and does his best to fit in.
Some of you are like family to me. I don't want you calling me either. I had a blind date once, her name was ..::..::.:::::...:::::
Been married six months and I can't even remember the last time I felt lucky on Google. How do you make Helen Keller cry? Turn the stool upside-down
Hi, I'm black and I can't stand the stereotype that we are all criminals. -Sent from your iPhone Learning to love yourself is important. Just don't let your wife catch you doing it.
A vampire stopped coming to my nightly poker games. All I said was that he made too many mistakes... My life That's the joke.
History has forgotten the name of the man that invented the "Lazy Susan", but it conveniently still remembers the name of his ex-wife. Sometimes the smartest thing you can do, is play stupid.
Wanna hear a joke? Serving sizes Me: My weight is up. I really hate winter. Him: Don't be discouraged. You'll bounce back in spring once you shave your legs.
How long are you supposed to wait to return a boy's call? This IRS guy sounded pretty into me Me texting friend: Hey! What's up? Buddy: *sends picture of ceiling* Me: I am so glad I didn't ask "how's it hanging"
What do vegan zombies eat? ~Graaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnsssssss I cheated a guy in poker so he burnt down my house. I guess you could say it was a conflagration
This third bottle of wine has turned everything into a microphone. Two blonds are having a conversation. Two blonds are having a conversation when one says to the other "I had sex with a brazilian last night" The other blond replies "WOW that's a lot of men"
I've just noticed my wife is wearing her sexy underwear. This can only mean one thing She's behind with the washing. Did u hear about the leper poker game? everyone threw their hands in
my wife wouldn't let me wear my pajama jeans to her awards luncheon thing because you can "see my balls through them" smh 'I want to see other kids.' ~Me, parenting.
Gas goes in the butt and out the mouth - Cigarettes The nintendo 64 turned 18 last month Which means you can now legally blow the cartridges
If you know someone who has too many kids, buy them a game of Jenga So they'll learn to pull out They have arrived - Hia Dei Kum
Who has the most dangerous job in Transylvania? Dracula's dentist. Son: Are you eating pie for breakfast? Me (eating pie): No. Fruit casserole. Want some? Son: NO. I hate casserole. Me (whispers): I know...
I dated a guy who always kneeled and prayed before sex. I still don't know if he was scared of what I'd do or thankful. Either way, amen. Before I lose my phone, end up naked, high, drunk and/or possibly arrested, I would like to wish you all a Happy Friday.
If a bunch of nuns wanted to help small business, they could create their own small business writing business plans... And call it 'Nun of Your Business' My friend's a scientist and accidentally chilled his lab rat to absolute zero... At first the rat was just frozen, but he's 0K now.
[Dirty] Why do men like golf so much? It makes it possible for them to go from hole to hole with an iron in their hands. What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef stroganoff.
I've no idea why I'm a virgin. But I'm guessing it's because my Siamese twin is really ugly. "Some say I have a drinking problem" *pours glass of water on lap*
Yo mama's so mean... She's got no standard deviation! Fun typo: "You ate the most important thing in my life."
What do you get when you cross a ghoul and a vampire? A hemogoblin. I came up with this during lecture after a dyslexic moment, thought someone may like it. A mushroom walks into a bar The bartender says: "Get out of here! We don't serve your kind here." The mushroom says: "Why not man? I really am a FunGi."
[zoo] "This is the bear kids" Wow I want his arms "What? You cant ha.." *kid shows tour guide 2nd amendment* "Bring him the arms smh" I voted for Jill Stein Finally I'm part of the 1%
"What do we want?!" "TIME TRAVEL!" "When do we want it?!" "IRRELEVANT!" Anyone got a 10 year old daughter I could introduce as mine? Stuck in an elaborate lie after putting my music on shuffle at a party.
What do you call a monkey in a minefield? A BABOOM! What did the hamburger say when it pleaded 'not guilty'? I've been flamed!
Maybe, just once, someone will call me ma'am without adding, "You're making a scene" Starbucks really isn't that expensive when compared to what Victoria's Secret charges per cup
[first date] Me: You into role playing? Her: Kinky, what do you have in mind? Me: You fake a heart attack and we get our meal for free. What do you call little kids in Belgium? Brusselsprouts
Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs? He doesn't want anyone to know he's fucking a chicken. They say love is worth more than money. But I'm pretty sure my landlord is gona want more than a hug.
Me *about to get hit by a bus* OH SHIT I'M NOT THE MAIN CHARACTER I heard that Being the one to circumcise elephants doesn't pay too well But the tips are huge!!
Hey in my nursing class we just learned how to bathe people can I practice on you? Why does BuzzFeed skip every other number when counting? They literally can't even.
[Corny] Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack A Frenchman walks into a library and asks for a book on warfare. The librarian tells him he'll only lose it.
Don't fall in love. You will get feelings and die. I held up a fist for a CW to bump and she kissed my ring. I am now drunk on power and no one is allowed to make eye contact.
In light of recent events, I have no choice but to deduct a full star from my Yelp review of Earth. you knew the backstreet boys were actually friends because when the one boy asks if hes "sexual" the rest of the boys all agree that he is
Personality is 40% genetics, 40% upbringing, and 20% the last movie you watched. What's the difference between coriander and cumin? You can't coriander your pants.
How to even in three and half easy steps. I literally can't even. Sex makes your day, but anal makes you hole weak..
What's the worst part about /r/meirl moderators? [Deleted] A sadist and a masochist meet The masochist starts pleading, "Hit me! Please hit me!" The sadist looks at him, smiles, and calmly replies, "No."
Doctor Doctor I feel like a pair of curtains Well pull yourself together then Got disoriented and walked into the wrong classroom. Didn't want to look stupid so I just went ahead and switched majors.
"You have to be pretty bad at math to use a calculator to check 3rd grade homework." -My smartass kid to me just now. Libertarian Presidential Candidate's new Campaign, inspired by Bernie Sanders. "Feel the Johnson"
Knock Knock Who's there ! Agnes ! Agnes who ? Agnes & Topeka & the Santa Fe ! My wife urged me to be more experimental in the bedroom, but I guess she wasn't expecting I'd be dissecting so many white mice.
What does it mean to be an Agnostic with insomnia and dyslexia? You stay up all night wondering if there is a dog. What did Spock find in the Enterprise Bathroom? The Captain's Log.
No matter where you live, there's always 1 light switch that doesn't do anything. PSA: If you've got an Islamic dog... Muslim
If an interviewer asks you: "Where do you see yourself in 5 years?" say "I don't know, did you see me pull up in a DaLorean?" How do you spot the blind man at the nudist beach? It's not hard
Hear about psych on netflix? Thats messed up What did Jay say when Adnan opened the trunk? Hae girl Hae
What's miley cyrus's favourite color? twerkquoise ME: Is this Babies R Us CASHIER: Yes ME: No babies work here C: I know ME: It should be called Babies Were US C: ... ME: Get me your manager
I'm gonna try and shoot the whole school Said the yearbook photographer A girl grabbed my cock and said, "Wow! Your dick wouldn't make a very good clock." "Why?" I asked, intrigued. "Because I'd struggle to get a second hand on it," she replied.
Cop: Do you know why I pulled you over ? Me: You wanted to watch me lick my ice cream cone ? Cop: Just go please Broken pencils... ...are pointless.
You prefer white wine over red? For god's sake, try and see the world with some claret-y A man goes to the vet about his dog's fleas. The vet says: 'I'm sorry, I'll have to put this dog down.' The man is incredulous and asks why. The vet says: 'Because he's far too heavy.'
"I'd like a nice stiff entendre please." - Want me to make it a double? "I'll just take it as it comes." listen, officer - t h e o r e t i c a l l y - would I still get a carpool lane ticket if I have a body in the trunk
I recently became friends with someone from Central Europe We met at a Chess tournament and I've never once beaten him in a game. He's my Czech mate An apple a day keeps my fruit-picking business trapped in bankruptcy.
I was arrested for having sex with a 15 year old girl... I dunno, I thought she was older than that. I guess that makes two reasons why I'm a bad father. What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer? Comet! =D
who needs people when you got pizza Why do seagulls live by the sea? If they lived by the bay they'd be bagels.
"I'm not a fan." -air conditioner When I lived on a houseboat I was seeing the girl next door, but eventually we drifted apart.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a BMW? Porcupines have pricks on the OUTSIDE. Donald Trump Does this count as putting the punchline in the title?
I bet the guy who invented falling asleep was totally like "Oh no! I died! Hey, wait a minute..." My grandma got her bathroom redone with this sparkly gold-specked tile and she just called it her "golden shower" so goodnight.
Wanted: Personal psychic for wealthy client. Salary: $10,000 per week plus bonuses. Free accommodation. 10 weeks paid leave per year. Company car. Generous pension scheme. You know where to apply. What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
My wife is upset we can't afford a vacation this year because I kept paying the kids to behave while I was driving Shout out to my self-aware friends, you know who you are
Happy Hints To brighten your day, instead of going to the gym, go to Walmart You will feel a lot better about yourself Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet? Because they could spend years at C.
I really hate when people get brie confused with similar cheeses. I camembert it. There's a 100% chance the Republicans will discuss Starbucks cups in a debate tonight, so remember that when they ask how they lost in 2016.
What do you call a pile of blessed black waist sashes? A Benedictine Cumberbatch. A man purchases a kitten, which he's having trouble house breaking. What does his friend say when he comes to visit? Your house is quite the cat-ass-trophy.
there once was a wonderful poet who knew that one day he woud blow it cuz his poems woud rhyme most of the time but occasionaly they didnt What do mutiny and an orgasm have in common? A sudden surge of seamen.
Teacher: Why is the Mississippi such an unusual river? Pupil: Because it has four eyes and can't see! Why are normal human body temperatures around 98.7*F? Because we're all a little obtuse.
Not paying more than $2,000 a kilo. And can we stop communicating through Twitter? I feel like these DM's are going to go public someday. Communism jokes are not funny Unless everyone gets them
The best thing about hand sanitiser is that when you put it on, it looks like you are plotting to take over the world. There are two types of people in life... Those who think there are two types of people in life and the rest.
Oh you're in the shower? Here's the seven worst songs from your playlist. - shuffle mode Dear Religion, Pics or it didn't happen. Love, Science
Have you ever worked on a farm.. Because you sure know how to raise my cock! My best friend and I were comparing our penises... for who has the biggest. It ended in a tie.
Looking for Sympathy? You'll find it between Shit and Syphilis in the dictionary. If Trump wins, I'm leaving the country, if Clinton wins I'm leaving the country Not a political post, I just love to travel
Yo momma so fat She got an event horizon. Why did the Storm Trooper decide to buy an Iphone? Because he couldn't find the Droid he was looking for.
Why do people take acid at raves? Because there's so much base. What is the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
French toast I saw on the menu at a small restaurant 10% more French in your toast and I asked the waitress what that meant and she said. "We swear at it" What's the hardest part about vaping? Telling your parents you're gay
What did Tom Riddle's calculator tell Harry Potter? 8008132 When I say I'm gonna take a nap, it means I'm gonna go on my computer for three hours.
How did Jared lose 30 pounds? He dumped his girlfriend. Ropin' and Ranchin' by Larry Yett
I hate it when people go round quoting the bible. I haven't even read it yet, but somehow folks think it's cool to give key plot points away My brother told me this today. Malayasia flight 404 not found.
What's brown and sounds like a bell? DUNG!!!! I get turned on whenever I eat greek dips... ...I think I'm a hummusexual.
Where do you see yourself in five years? I don't know, I don't have 2020 vision. What is Moby Dicks dad's name? Poppa Boner
Q: What do clouds wear under their clothes? A: Thunderware. I love watching two girls meet each other. It's easily the most fake thing I have ever seen.
What's the best way to grease a Ferrari? Run over an Italian. Pokemon Go has really improved my life... I used to always get in trouble for playing with my balls outside.
Dress for the job you want, not the job you have. I came to work naked. I want to be a porn star. Now I'm just unemployed. I showed up at Disney headquarters uninvited I said I was there for a Rogue One cameo That's how I learned the security guards have Tasers
A man goes to the doctor and says "Doctor, my farts sound like a motorbike" Doctor says "you have an abscess" Man says "how do you know?" Doctor says "because abscess makes the fart go Honda" I like my women like I like my coffee... [Fill in the blank]
If Bill O'Reilly and Barbara Walters got married what would they name the baby? Baba O'Reilly Who does the Metric Cult worship? ...Demetre.
The band's name is 1023 MB. They haven't had any gigs yet. Why did the Canadian cross the road? Because that's the direction his car was sliding.
I raise the bar when it comes to lowering standards. What do you do when you find Michael J. Fox in your hot tub? .....Add your laundry.
What's the difference between a Mexican and a book? The book has papers Describe yourself in one word Bad at describing myself with one word.
How do you know when a Jewish chef is done cooking? You check the oven. Opinions are like Assholes... Everyone has one, and some just taste better than others.
What do you call a fruit that is a vegetable? A crippled homo. I don't always tell mom jokes But when i do, she laughs
A man goes to the doctor... After looking at the man for 2 minutes the doctor says: "Mr. Willow, you need to stop masturbating!" "Why, doctor?" "Because I can't exmine you otherwise!" What do black men find most shocking about sex? Tazers
Can I get pregnant from looking at a man in another car, at a red light but then quickly looking away when he looks over? Impotence: Nature's way of saying, "No hard feelings"
A bunch of Jewish folks walk into a bar... Mitzva and celebrate Oscar's thirteenth bithday. What do you call two gay Irishmen? Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael
Study: 'Masturbation helps cure the common cold' Hope so, I've got no tissues left. Today I learned two things: 1. Build-A-Bear Workshop only lets you stuff fake animals 2. Mall security guards get to use real handcuffs
A priest, a rabbi, and a scientist walk into a bar... and have a wonderful conversation about politics. Why do elephants have 4 feet? Because in the animal kingdom 6 inches just wont do
It's awful that those other chipmunks force Alvin to wear an A on his sweater just because he's an adulterer. A blind guy walks into a bar... ...then a table, then a chair, then another chair...
Hoe do you call a dog that likes to be on the internet. A Labragoogle. I bought a muzzle for my pet duck. Nothing flashy, but it fits the bill.
Wife: honey I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear! Husband: kitchen, living room, dining room, patio... There are plenty of fish in the sea. Sometimes you just need a really big fishing rod.
*a spider slowly rolls past my house on a tiny skateboard* "kids, go to the bomb shelter. it seems my past has finally caught up with me" Make sure you don't forget the 'R' when you're Googling, "movies of Gary Oldman."
Why can't a T-Rex clap it's hands? Because it's dead If I had a penny for every Donald Trump joke, I would have a small loan of one million dollars
Have you got a copy of  "Living with a small penis ?" Librarian  "I don't think its in yet" "Yep thats the one"  I replied I like my steak like I like my women. White and domineering.
Had a job interview yesterday and was asked how much I was worth so I got up to leave. They ask me if there is a problem? Yes there is, I can't afford to live off that. Retweet if you're naughty! Star if you love Jesus! Reply if you'd like to meet him!
What do you call a dinosaur from the Middle East? An Iran-asaurus! Prostitutes hate trick-or-treaters.
What's the difference between Michael Jackson and Neil Armstrong? Neil Armstrong was the first man on the moon, and Michael Jackson rapes kids and gets away with it. Woke up this morning with a pillow over my face, hearing someone muttering "...it would be so easy..."
How do skeletons reproduce? They don't. When are they going to drug test the audience of "The Price Is Right."? No one should be that happy.
How does any girl have less than 90 thousand Instagram followers? The definition of spin
Why did Helen Keller masturbate with only one hand? So she could moan with the other. How to get a Jewish girl's number? Roll up her sleeve...
It's pretty impressive that Beethoven could play the piano considering he was a St. Bernard. Why doesn't Hitler go ski? Cause he's blown his fucking head.
I feel really bad about being at this girl's house last night. I came in seconds. Besides that, what kind of shitty name is that for a cat? What's the best kind of grass? Emo grass; the grass that cuts itself.
In America, you're the bomb is a complement. In Iraq, you're the bomb is the argument. Thought I could safely force a fart... But it backfired.
What's the difference between real life Friends and the cast of the show Friends? The ability to binge watch Friends with your friends. Why don't they have a WHITE history month?? Why don't they have NON-handicapped parking spaces? Why's there no cemetery for ALIVE people??
1) Bake cake. 2) Don't cut it into pieces. 3) Eat the whole thing. 4) Claim I ate "only one piece of cake." The Lord said unto John, "Come forth and be awarded eternal life" John came fifth and was awarded a toaster
Why couldn't Bach pay for his dinner? Because he was Baroque. Why does Anna's mom encourage her daughter to experiment with sexuality? Because she lives bicuriously through others .
How do Mexicans greet Dr. Seuss? Jesus! Pretty busy at the gym this morning. I'm 6th in line for a selfie.
Why did Sally drop her ice cream? Because a semi truck hit her. *at a pizza buffet in the Midwest* Me: excuse me, can you please make a vegetarian pizza? Him: Sure! What kind of meat do you want on that?
Q: What's the good part about having alzheimer's? You can hide your own easter eggs. Jokers of Reddit, any good blonde jokes or punch lines out there?
You're not fat. You're just... easier to see! How many portuguese people can fit on a scooter? A Brazilian
What do you call a sleeping prisoner? Under a-rest. Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
I sexually identify as Counter Strike... *And I'm globally offended* What is it called when you are on the edge of WiFi signal range? Router Limits!
How do you see if the Ken doll is ticklish? Give him test tickles. What is Jeb Bush's campaign slogan? Third time's the charm
What did the Texas sheriff say about the black guy who was shot 15 times? "Worse case of suicide I ever saw." Year 2142: Meat eaters have died out. Vegans survive. 2143: Everyone is dead b/c the vegans couldn't tell anyone else that they were vegan.
My friend really changed when she became a vegetarian, it's like I've never seen herbivore! My new years resolution is to have more sex! I Haven't told my cellmate yet though
"Usain Bolt, Trump regrets/ Gawker downed by Hogan's sex/ Manafort, Putin's pet/ Lochte lies then hops on jet/ We didn't start the fire..." Why do lawyer's suits never have pants pockets? Because their hands are always in someone else's!
I like my women like I like my beer Stout and bitter Why does Helen Keller wear tight jeans? So people can read her lips.
Yeah, I'm basically a Pokemaster. *waves vaguely at shelves of confused squirrels in partially sealed Tupperware containers* Go to racist joke, what's yours? Two unemployed Irishmen walk past a police notice board with "two black men wanted for rape" first one says "fucking niggers get all the best jobs"
What's the number one comeback on r/Jokes? Riposte. If you believe the home alarm commercials, the first thing burglars do when they break into your home is smash your family pictures.
One way to handle social anxiety is to pretend you are a ghost & people are staring at you because they have a gift they never asked for What do you call a midget with no teeth A gum job.
What's the difference between a dirty parking lot and a crab with breast implants? Ones a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean. It's just sad how often I see zookeepers breaking their own 'Dont Feed the Animals' rule.
What does a Spanish cow say? Muuuuuuuey! You really have to question the judgment of people who have children on purpose.
Wanna hear a racist joke ? Donald Trump What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit the frog's finger
Where do pedophiles get the wedding rings? They go to Jared. Why were there only 49 contestants in the National Ebonics Beauty Pageant? Nobody wanted to wear the sash that says "Idaho".
My wife turns over and accidentally kicks me in the nuts. I gasp. She gasps. Then she raises her arms and yells, "I WIN! I WIN!" What do you call a bald porcupine? Pointless.
I visited a real graveyard this Halloween I logged back into Google Plus. Scientists remain baffled as to why the people on the internet really like pictures of cats and cats doing things.
I sexually identify as a pansexual And I have a fetish for cast-iron What do you do with old cannon balls ? Give them to elephants to use as marbles !
What do you call the underground slave trade? The black market. What did the two tampons have in common? They were both stuck up bitches
I realized I was dyslexic when I went to a toga party dressed as a goat. Why is Saturn like your balls?? Because it is in between jupeter an your anus.
"Why are you wearing?" - existentialist reporter on the red carpet FREE $1,000,000,000 IDEA: a Tumblr-type platform for list-making called Schindlr
What do you call a hacker who stays home when it snows outside? Edward Snowed-in! My favorite kind of math is adding insult to injury.
Gawker must have been playing The Oregon Trail 'cause they just died of dissin' Terry. I like Tuesday simply because it is literally the furthest from next Monday I can possibly be.
A married couple walks into a bar. What's better than two roses on your piano? Tulips on your organ.
*Goes into debt Debt: Wrong hole. I tried googling Wiz Khalifa ... But all I found was MIa Khalifa peeing .
You're the reason why I wake up every morning... Just kidding, I have to go to work. I am an expert at making balloon animals. May I interest you in a hyphen or a pickle?
What did the Physics professor say to the fat kid in school? "You've got a lot of potential!" What happened when the girl dressed as a spoon left the Halloween party ? No one moved. They couldn't stir without her.
Every year there is a race from one side of Sweden to the other... They start at the Norwegian line and end up at the Finnish line. What's the difference between wild Iranian Ossetra caviar and my penis? One is a delicacy (Deh-Lih-Cuh-See) and the other is a delicady (Deh-Lih-Cuh-Dee) Edit: The D
I bought my epileptic boyfriend a strobe light for his birthday. He's gonna have a fit when he sees it. Who are the 3 most famous black women? 1. Oprah 2. Aunt Jamima 3. Motha Fucka
Pretty sure the "FINISH HIM" guy from Mortal Kombat is giving relationship advice to every girl I date. How do you disappoint a Redditor? [removed]
What did one plate say to the other? Lunch is on me. Why does Darkwing Duck wear a mask? You are a duck. No one could identify you without describing every other duck on earth.
Q: What can you do to help ease a heavy  traffic problem? A: Carry loaded weapons. A bird pooped on my head today...Am I gonna die? I mean, I'm kinda worried about getting sick from it but mostly I hope this made someone's day.
I hate when I'm singing along to the Beastie Boys and they mess up the lyrics. What do you call a man with no arms and no legs, lying in a ditch? Phil
How do you know when you're eating rabbit stew? When it has hares in it. Get a big metal box, label it "TIME CAPSULE" and take a big dump in it so people know what 2011 was like.
Chicken Joke Why did the chicken cross the road? -To get to your house. Knock knock -Who's there? The chicken. I'm a terrible singer, I have two left throats
You know what's great about being single ? Fucking everything How do you spot two bffs in prison They finish each other's sentences
I always heard it was OK to date a nun... as long as you don't get into the habit. TIL I'm genetically predisposed to love heroin It's in my blood
If I had a time machine, I'd go back & mess with myself. I'd delete and retweet frog my tweets monkey with random words giraffe inserted. What do you call an iPhone 6S that ran out memory space. Successful
On April Fools Day a mother put a fire cracker  under the pancakes. She blew her stack. Well, I had to break up with the baker i've been dating She was just too kneady
Why does it take so long for a pro-lifer to screw in a lightbulb? They love to watch mistakes being made. You can't keep eating people's lunches from the break room & blaming the Taliban. A lot of what you've been stealing is pork for one thing.
My roommate just told me he tried to walk to Russia from Alaska. He pulled up short because he couldn't get his Bering Strait. My wife says she's leaving me because of my obsession with karaoke. I said "Fine, go on now go, walk out the door, just turn around now, because your not welcome anymore...."
I think the government caused all the snow in the South Cause I'm Snowden What do Shakespearian Buddhists eat for breakfast? Om and cheese Hamlets.
Why do Jews get circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that's not at least 10% off. Q. What does a woman's asshole do when she is having an orgasm? A. He is usually home with the kids!
Do the right thing. Not right away, but like after you get called out. What does a slave driver do with his slaves when he's bored? He racism.
'I like the smell of your meat' may not have been the best greeting to the hot waiter at the BBQ joint I picked for lunch. The Donner Party Diet Breakfast: Jacks Lunch: Franks Dinner: Patties
why did my wife didn't like her jewellery? cuz she is a nazi What did the farmer say when the police found the gate from the public footpath in his barn and accused him of stealing? That's not my stile.
Happy International Women's day. Or a sad one. Or an angry one. Or a passive aggressive one. You never really know with women. Now marriage can be between any two people who are misguided enough to start a life together in New Jersey.
How many men does it take to open a can of beer? None. It should be open by the time she brings it to the couch. A guy walks into a bar and says, "I'm going to shoot whoever slept with my wife"! A man shouts from the back, "You don't got enough bullets, bud"!
What game do reindeer play in their stalls? Stable-tennis! Sometimes I'm depressed and then a girl stars one of my tweets and it's like YAAAAYYYY NEW GIRLFRIEND!!!!!
Q. "Why do the KGB operate in groups of three?" A. "One can read, one can write and one to keep an eye on the two intellectuals." Maybe if Red Bull gave me buffalo wings i'd give a shit.
If she says, "I'm OK," you're fine. If she says, "I'm Fine," You're not OK. The road to recovery from my addiction to sexual innuendos has been a long and hard one. But the end is in sight... I can see it coming.
"And the Lord said unto John....... Why is my Tetris highscore like my wife? I beat both of them for fun.
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place. "Kids, grandma just had hip surgery so I need to warn you, she's not herself." *grandma struts in wearing skinny jeans and smoking an E-cig*
INTERVIEWER: thank u, those are all my questions. do u hav any questions for us ME: yes...why do i want this job INTERVIEWER: [starts sweatig] What do you call a motorcycle gang made up of ancient bisexual Norse monarchs? The bikings.
I finally found a girl with the same beliefs as my family She believes I'll amount to nothing as well. They called their son Honest Abe, because he was honest. They called their daughter Bloody Mary...
Is chicken soup good for your health ? Not if you're the chicken ! Has this one ever been used? Why didn't the chicken cross the road? Because he was chicken. Alright.
I lost my virginity to a mentally disabled girl last night I wanted my first time to be special. How do you double the price of a Fiat? Fill the tank
Holy Communion: PRIEST:"This is the body of Christ. Take it " ME:"Uum,can I instagram it first?" *We laughed & then I was excommunicated* Don't ask me for childcare advice unless you want nuggets of wisdom like "always punch holes in the box so they can breathe."
So I Organized a three-way last night... There was a couple of no-shows, but overall, it worked out fine. What do you call a bald porcupine? Pointless!
I've just enjoyed a meal of Chicken Tarka Masala... It's like Chicken Tikka, only otter. Why didn't the principal of the school for the blind allow his students to go duck-hunting? He knew that some of them wouldn't miss the blind ...
What does a vegetarian zombie eat? Grrrains. new iPhone 7 son: Daddy, buy me the new iPhone 7 Dad: What is the magic word? son: Natasha Dad: who is Natasha son: your lover Dad: do you need also a case?
I wish you were on the football team because I'd love to see your backfield in motion. What has 9 arms and sucks? Def Leppard!
What shampoo do dragons prefer? Head &amp; Smolders Q: How many Honor Guards does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: 22 one to screw it in 21 to shoot the bulb.
What does caravans and women underwear have in common? Both are in the way if you are in a hurry Cute girl: omg I love this bread [At the next table] Jesus: [loudly, holding up a slice of bread] so this is my body
Why does a chicken coop have two doors ? Because if had four doors it would be a chicken sedan! Did you hear about the Coldplay concert in China last weekend? It was all yellow.
I like my women like I like my Little Caesar's pizza- Hot &amp; Ready. What do you call a dumb elephant? Donald Trunk
What does a paedophile like to do while on vacation? Get some son. What has 9 arms and sucks? Def Leppard.
Standing in the Park wondering why... I was standing in the Park wondering why Frisbies appear larger the closer it gets. Then it hit me. Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
You what's great about dick jokes? They're just so easy to slip in there A hawk snatched my gf's chihuahua today.. ..it got rid of that annoying bitch for me in one fowl swoop.
I've had an awful year. I lost my job, broke my leg and my wife's run off with my best friend... I do miss him. What do you call a witch who kills her mother and father? An orphan.
I wouldn't create a palindrome for a Klondike Bar. But I'd... Murder for a jar of red rum. The people in this ad look 'indie' & remind me of myself. As a consumer this makes me feel good. Now I will purchase all their products
What do a baby and a pancake have in common? If it s black it ain t good The first rule of procrastination club is: Google some weird shit then take a nap.
Why is it so hard for programmers to get a prescription for pain killers? They have a history with codeine. Don't touch my twat my itchy twitchy twat .... Miley Cyrus. Ba dum tish
Life is like a penis... Life is like a penis, simple, chilled and free. It's women who make it hard... And kids who make it harder. When a woman says "WHAT did you just say?" say something different.
My neighbor just threw out the biggest trash I have ever seen.. Boy, I will surely miss Mrs. Jones Sorry I pissed on the walls of your bathroom, but the flowery wall paper made me think I was outside.. Also you're out of Valium
An M&amp;M for 50 cent!? That's Ludacris! How do two lawyers greet each other? With a firm handshake.
I accidentally mixed the I Can't Believe It's Not Butter in with the regular butter and NOW I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO BELIEVE! What do you call bacteria that can swim fast? Micro Phelps.
Getting caught under your desk and coming up with nothing in your hand is always so hard to explain. me: can i have a coke waiter: is Pepsi ok? me: ya pepsi's fine pepsi: i have a boyfriend
If you're going to walk really slowly in front of me you should at least have the courtesy to have a slammin booty. My girlfriend used to kiss me on the lips but It's all over now.
I lost my job performing circumcisions I just couldn't cut it. What do you use to cut the ocean? A  seasaw
[doorbell] "Hi, do you have time to discuss the Bible?" "You have cookies?" "No, sir I-" "Come back when you have cookies." *closes door* NEVER date someone that works for your cell phone provider. You're welcome.
Me: *slides note to bank teller* Bank Teller: So....you're not robbing us, you just want to take a selfie with "mad cash" on your face? What do you call a black man who dies of heat exhaustion and a white guy that dies of a brain aneurysm? Different Strokes
Q. What's the rudest type of Elf? A. The GofuckyoursElf. There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Funeral Home Barbie ...complete with hearse coffin and kicky little shroud
What do you say when comforting a grammar nazi? There, their, they're...... Girlfriend: Did you fix the dishwasher? Me: Yup *girlfriend opens dishwasher revealing a monkey covered in bubbles, holding a scrub brush*
My dad could kick ur dads ass! Um have u seen my dad Hes a big guy huh? No really have u seen him? He left when I was 9 & never came back Listen to your instincts. Your gut is always right. It may be a little bloated sometimes...but it's right.
did you hear about the cannibal in school? it was a struggle, but eventually he passed the class. I think r/jokes may be glitched Top of all time and new both show the same jokes
My best friend kept bragging about his expensive yacht Had to tell him to stop showboating. In Florida, a couple has been accused of making meth in a public library. Isn't that crazy? Florida has a library. -Conan Monologue June 12, 2014
When a person says a book is so good they can't put it down, but yet, are not holding that book. This is why I have trust issues. I robbed a place with my boner and said it was a gun... I got a pretty STIFF punishment. I did HARD time. It was LONG sentence.
How are babies like hinges? They are things to adore I repaired my drum set after my son broke it... ... ... Now he has to deal with the repercussions.
KONY 2012 What Uganda do about it? Pork is awesome, but it's best when used as a verb.
HR: You know why you're here? Me: So we can be alone? HR: Your new nickname is a problem. Me: We all have them. HR: Yes, but Sperminator? [Spelling Bee] -Your word is phlegm -Can you use it in a sentence? *loudly clears throat for 5 minutes*
What's the difference between a petri dish and white people? A petri dish develops a culture. COP: PUT YOUR HANDS UP OCTOPUS: They're tentacles COP: OK PUT ALL 8 TENTACLES UP OCTOPUS: Two are my legs, dude COP: Just go. I give up.
How many potatoes does it take to kill an irish family? None If you're reading this you're probably addicted to the internet. And by internet, I mean Facebook.
A butterfly just landed on the tip of my cigarette & exploded.nWhat in the hell do they put in butterflys? Hotel California is basically a negative Yelp review with a two minute guitar solo.
what is the hardest part of eating a veggtable. might be offensive. THE WHEEL CHAIR! Did you hear about the Pirate suffering from scurvy? His attempts to cure it were *fruitless*.
Q: Why do so many fishermen own banjos? A: They make great anchors! What do you call an african american in a 3 piece suit? The defendant.
Thinking that you're on speaking terms with God is like finding out you've been playing both parts in an episode of "Catfish" What do you call a German with a bad attitude? A sour Kraut.
What is a blonde's favorite fairy tale? Humpme Dumpme! Apparently when your boss asks if you're on drugs "which drugs?" isn't the appropriate response. I know this now.
My friend had one of those novelty leg lamps from the Christmas Story movie, but he lost it recently... Now he's a lamputee I think it is wrong that the Bali 9 get a one minute silence I mean, they already got a 21 gun salute.
Grandad: hey Sonny, what's the name of that German? Grandson: for the thousandth time grandad, it's Alzheimer When I die, I want a disease named after me, with symptoms that include "being fucking awesome at everything."
Cops: COME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS WHERE WE CAN SEE THEM Invisible Hands Adam: shit ''I want to ruin some songs today.'' -The producers of Glee every morning.
If I learned anything from Forest Gump it's that people who love to run are retarded. How do you know you sister is on her period? Dad's cock tastes like blood.
Choosing between Trader Joe's and Whole Foods is white people's real Twilight. McDonald's french fries are not real food. Just found one under my car seat from two months ago and it looked perfect. Tasted fine, too.
A man and his zebra There lives a man and his zebra Jose. Jose is hard of sight. Every morning, just at dawn, the man takes out Jose and askes him "Jose, can you see by the dawn's early light?" The only thing better than sarcasm... is irony.
Rappers, you don't have to tell them to wave their hands like they don't care. They're millennials: they already don't care. Ay' girl,is your dad a terrorist Cause you re da bomb
My wife said sex with me is like a supersoaker water gun! Just two pumps and a squirt! What is the greatest intermolecular force of all time? Dipole, dipole, dipole, dipole, and dipole!
As a cop, I can't play PokemonGo... So I play Pokemon blacks: Gotta catch Jamal. Why does an elephant have 4 Feet? Because it would look ridiculous with 8 inches.
What did Joe Hill say when someone asked if he was Joe King? "No, I'm dead serious." What's the difference between a midget and a venereal disease? One's a cunning runt and the other's a running cunt.
I was gonna make a joke about black people... , but it's too dark. [dinner table] gfs dad: so what do you do for a living me: human trafficking *he chokes* gf: he's a crossing guard dad
Did you hear about the guy who was told his genitals hadn't developed properly? He got a little testy. What do you call a dog with short legs and steel balls? Sparky
You know it's a really good bar when there's a couple outside breaking up. What is nine inches long and keeps a woman up screaming all night? Sudden Infant Death Syndrome
My wife said to me, "Isn't it odd how on our keyboard the letters ORPN have been worn out?" My new bowflex comes tomorrow...so if anyone wants to buy a slightly used bowflex in a couple months let me know.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs. Because they always take things literally. What's the best reason to date a pornstar? You never have to meet her father.
Sorry, there's a technical problem preventing me from RTing your tweets. Technically they're not funny. Judge: I sentence you to life in prison Defendant: NOOOO MY ONLINE PRESENCE
What happened to the Marine that took a laxative? He was relieved of doodie. What does James Bond say after a heavy workout? I would like to have Whey. Shaken, not stirred.
What do you call someone who believes rotten eggs smell bad, but doesn't care? An eggsy-stench-alist. Don't look out of the window Betty people will think it's Halloween.
I'm the Jason Bourne of avoiding people I know at Starbucks. I'm trying to explain Twitter to this cop. He still wants to know why I'm driving naked.
[traffic stop] COP: where ya headed? ME: on my way home COP: *shining flashlight in my backseat* ME: look at me when I'm speaking to you Why shouldn't you sleep with a weatherman? They'll promise 12 to 14 inches, but you'll only get 3 to 5.
Martin Shkreli. Why did the feminist refuse to work at the post office? Because it was a mail dominated industry
Why did Dory warn Nemo about escaping through the toilet? Because it was a sewer side mission! Damn girl, are you a jar of pickles? Because I think I NEED to bang you on my kitchen counter.
What do Romeo and Juliet have in common with melons? They both cantaloupe. Why did the Gorilla visit Italy? An advertisement's headline enticed him - See Ape-les and die!
If Excel had a record label.... It would be Excel ENT. I'll see myself out. What do you do with an elephant with three balls? Walk him and pitch to the rhino. For non-Americans, this is a baseball joke
What Time Is It? Its time for lunch. One hair in my soup Waiter, I am outraged. There is one hair in my soup. - And what do you expect for this price? A whole wig?!
My girlfriend told me I need to spice things up in the bedroom... So I told her I would cumin her pussy. (That joke only works sometimes because it's seasonal) Your baby might be adorable, but so is my cat and she cleans her own butt.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud What do elephants do in the evenings ? Watch elevision !
What was the jew doing in the ashtray? Family research. "Man, what's eating you today? *looks down* I Don't know.... GET IT OFF OF ME!!!
I got the eye of the tiger ... and a lifetime ban from my local zoo. Student: Teacher, can I ask you a question? Teacher: You just did.
I Wasn't Too Keen On The Idea Of Gay Parenting Until I met my wife, who was raised by two dads. That's when I came to my senses and realized.. NO MOTHER-IN-LAW! When Noah was loading the Ark, where did he put the bees? In the Ark-hives.
You what the opposite of premature ejaculation is? Ejacu-late Star Wars (1977, PG) a group of terrorists enlist the aid of a drug smuggler and a religious fanatic to bomb the seat of governmental power.
What do you call a jew who works at a brewery? A he brew. H: You look nice. Me: I'm meeting one of my Twitter friends today. H: So you want your picture on the evening news to be a nice one? Me: Yep
I might go to the airport and hold up a sign that says "BABES" and hope I get lucky. What do you call an inspiring jerk session? A stroke of genius!
Why do only 20 percent of blonde chicks lay Easter eggs? The rest are hunting peckers. Did you hear about the man who choked on an issue of The Guardian after learning about his brothers passing? He found the news hard to swallow.
My fairy godmother asked me "Do you want a long penis or a long memory?" I don't remember my answer Sometimes I'll start talking to someone on the train, then go "Oh, this is where I get off" then close my eyes & stick my hand in my pants.
That's nice that you're a Christian now. Could you maybe be a Christian a little quieter? Could you kill a monster just by throwing eggs at him? Of course - he'd be eggs-terminated.
If you don't know the difference between there, their, and they're... Your a moron. TIFU when I deleted my gym membership, hit my lawyer, &amp; posted it to Facebook.
What do you call a woman in heaven? An Angel A crowd of women in heaven? - A host of Angels And all women in heaven? - PEACE ON EARTH! What job do rabbits at hotels have?  Bellhop.
How does a woman go about inventing something? She gives birth to a boy. Person who fought in WWII hit with pepper spray... Now he is a seasoned veteran.
[in hell] Me: *sneeze* The devil: bless you Me, waving as I float to heaven: haha, fool the devil: DAMN YOU Me, floating back to hell: dang what is the best way to smuggle drugs? In your dogs asshole. Should there be border control frisking, it will be perceived as two dogs plain wolfing
Why did the midget get slapped? Because he told a woman how nice her hair smelled. Browsing this sub is like mining in a cave Full of bat shit and I mostly get the same things over again, but it's worth the occasional gold I find.
Why aren't burgers the least bit scared of Halloween? They're used to people 'goblin' them! Velcro. What a rip off!
What is Jared Fogle's favorite meat in his Subway subs? 9 year old weiners What did the snail say when he was riding on the back of the turtle? Weeeeeeeeee
Ever since I got my antivirus check done on my computer. Single Asian ladies don't wanna do it with me anymore. What bees makes the best milk ? Boob-bees And also this is my first time using Reddit and my account is only 30 minutes old by the time of this post so I have no idea what I am doing
How can you tell if someone has a Jamaican accent? They roll their J's. My son got me some very expensive cologne for Father's Day. I know it was very expensive because he used my credit card.
Why do old men take Viagra? It stops them from rolling out of bed. I work hard so my dog can have a better life.
Did you hear about the starving horse? He was so hungry, he ate himself My inspiration for jokes is like a guy at a brothel... It comes and goes... It also occasionally sucks ;)
If you're having a weird pain today remember, tons of people die from that stuff all the time. What's a minister's favorite food? Tacos al pastor
What do you call a cow that just gave birth? Decaffeinated How does a nihilist propose to his fiancee? "Even though my existence is meaningless I want to spend the rest of it with you."
If there's two things I hate, it's racist people and niggers. What is the worse thing for a guy to say after sex? My name is Barry Allen
just ordered so much food the delivery guy gave me four sets of utensils but it's okay I still love myself What's the difference between Jews and Santa? Santa goes down the chimney.
Why did the narcissist with multiple personalities and a propensity for domestic violence only have one black eye? Because she didn't need to re-beat himself. The other day, I was looking through my socks, when I found one had a hole in it... "darn it..." I muttered.
What is the Italian postal motto? We know where **you** live, your family too! The pub manager is showing the new busboy around the kitchen, when they come to two doors. The busboy asks, "Which one is the 'in' door?" "Let me show you", says the manager, and 'e walks in.
A farmer in Devon has made history by growing a field of dildos! Unfortunately she's had a lot of problems with squatters. Me: When I was lying in bed, I found this huge lump. I need it removed. Doctor: Ma'am, that's your husband. Me: And your point is...?
What's a Ninja Turtle's favorite equation? A radical equation. How can you tell Russians are bad at driving stick? cause their cars are always Stalin
What do you do if an Elephant breaks his big toe? Call a big toe truck. I did a terrible job preparing for my Blue Man Group audition and boy is my face red
Yo mama is so ugly that she gave Freddy Krueger nightmares. Why don't I take my guinea pigs on walksies It's hard on my cavies
Did yo hear about the Hillary special at KFC? Two fat thighs and a left wing for $2.99 Why can't you tell secrets in a corn field? ...because there are too many ears.
Shout out to Mother Earth! She's 4.6 billion years old and still getting hotter. I lost my job at the hospital today for sexual assault.... It's not my fault that they put up a sign that said, 'stroke patients downstairs'.
Why couldn't the taxidermist finish anything he started? Because he kept getting side tracked by pet projects CW: The boss said she wanted to see you. Me: That's flattering, but I don't date people from work.
How do ants hide from aardvarks? They disguise themselves as uncles! I thought The Walking Dead was having a special tonight.... Turns out it was just The Rolling Stones performing at the 12/12/12 concert.
I thought for my whole life that air was free... ...then I bought a bag of chips. Fruit and urinal give a bad name to cakes everywhere.
Tried to inhale a pot seed to see if I could grow a pot plant in my lungs. Swallowed it instead and got a pot belly. A priest, a rabbi and a leprechaun walk into a bar. The leprechaun says, "Bejesus, I'm in the wrong joke!"
An ostrich commits grand heresy against the empire. He is promptly ostrichized. No? ok. How many Jews does it take to change Hitler's mind? None, there has to be no Jews.
What did the god of lightning say after working out for the first time? I'm Thor Come on, there has got to be at least one business like show business.
What does a pig put on his cut? Oinkment That Hamburger Helper hand guy. There's a twin out there, right? Didn't go into showbiz. Maybe an accountant or something.
I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter. Two guys walk into a bar.. The third guy ducked.
They say men are 3 times as likely to be struck by lightning than women Because lighting is 1/3 as likely to strike in the kitchen "Your mission... Should you chose to accept it..." *Go to a bar you Hate *Put $50 in the Jukebox *Play nothing but Nickelback *Leave
I'm hung like a baby boy. About 20 inches long, 14 inches around, weighs about 9 pounds. Q) How do you spot a happy motorcyclist in  fair weather? A) He's got bugs on his teeth.
[first day as a masseuse] Me: [closing book] "...& they all lived happily ever after" Customer: "That's not what I meant by 'happy ending'" According to my google history, I spent most of last night trying to buy a llama.
My kids are really competing for least favorite today. Pupil: My teacher was mad with me because I didn't know where the Rockies were. Mother: Well next time remember where you put things!
I saw that you "liked" my status. You want me, don't you? What do you call a hot day in Canada? A Nova Scorcha!
How do you recycle a condom? Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it. How many Freudians does it take to change a lightbulb. Two. One to hold the light bulb and the other to hold the penis. I mean mother. Shit, I mean ladder.
Why do people say "Be there or be square"? Because if you're not there, then you're not around. What did the old maid get the vasaline for? 84 cents. Joke by my grandfather
The George Dubya Bush Presidential Library burned down... All three books were destroyed. Two of em hadn't even been coloured in yet. Teacher: How much is half of 8 Pupil: Up and down or across ? Teacher: What do you mean ? Pupil: Wellup and down makes a 3 or across the middle leaves a 0
Rhinos are really just old, fat unicorns. Don't argue. U know i'm right. I got asked how I view lesbian relationships.. Apparently HD wasn't the correct answer.
I have 2 donuts: a secular one and a religious one. The secular one is solid. The religious one is holey. Why did Adele cross the road? She wanted to say hello from the other side. ^^^^^^hilarious ^^^^^^and ^^^^^^original ^^^^^^hahahahahahahahahelpme
I'm just a girl sitting here wondering which outfit I own goes best with bad decisions... What do you call a dead blonde in a closet? The winner of last year's hide &amp; go seek contest.
Please help, my email isn't twerking.. I think there is something cyrusly wrong. What do you call children born of ginger people? Ginger-bred
What does a racist baker exclaim? white flour! If you crossed a cow with Michael Jackson what song would you get? "Beeflt!"
Why did the blind lady fall into the well? Because she couldn't see that well. How many McDonald's counter girls does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to change it and one to put some chips with it.
I didn't post that copyright notice thing on my Facebook and I've already seen SIX of MY photos of me with my casseroles in BMW commercials Imagine me naked. Wrong. Fatter.
How many feminists does it take to change a light-bulb? THAT'S NOT FUNNY! ADHD is ADD in high definition.
If we're strictly talking body count, then I'm a morning person. The director of "A Girl in the River" went to high school with me in Karachi! She won an Oscar! This is not gonna help w my parents. #Oscars
What is a time travelling vacuum cleaner called? Dr Whoover What is a name for a female lawyer? Sue
Relax,,, We're all crazy.. It's not a competition. I heard a guy at the beach screaming, "HELP! SHARK! HELP!" I just laughed. I knew that Shark wasn't going to help him.
You have two choices in life: You can stay single and be miserable, or get married and wish you were dead. What Is Bluetooth ? When your toothbrush stops working mid brushing
Parenting 101 1. Pour milk on floor. 2. Ask which kid did it. 3. Send them to their rooms when they don't admit it. 4. Enjoy peaceful evening. Why don't you see hippos hiding in trees? Because they're really good at it.
What does a Mexican duck say? Guac Guac I bet a lot more people would read the Bible if it was called The Adventures of Jesus and Friends.
I only have a beard so I can scratch it while I judge. I have a split personality No he doesn't
Do you ever wake up, kiss the person sleeping beside you and feel glad to be alive? I just did and I won't be allowed on this airline again Duck Dynasty guy is right-- if we baptize all those ISIS guys, Iraq will be safe because Christians never start wars for bullshit reasons.
I have a friend named "Chris Hoffman" I asked him to name his son Jack. What do people call their grandmother in India? Naana
I miss my dog so much since he died, I just paid a homeless guy to come over and take a shit on my kitchen floor and then eat it. I don't trust stairs They're always up to something...
What does a sheep, a drum, and a snake all say when falling off of a cliff? Baa-Dum-Sss The pope walks into a Mosque A Muslim looks up and asks "Why the wrong faith?"
Reddit will end with not a bang, but a Pao. Twitter is working worse than a dollar store pregnancy test.
So Nicolas Cage and John Travolta walk into a bar and the bartender says "hey, why the wrong face?" Why were they called the dark ages? Because there were so many knights! Credit: watching Mr. D on Netflix
How do telegraph operators apologize? Remorse code Who is this "one"? And why is he always arguing with people?
The teacher asked Jimmy "Why is your cat at school today Jimmy?" Jimmy replied crying, "Because I heard my daddy tell my mommy, 'I am going to eat that p*ssy once Jimmy leaves for school today!'" I had this problem where the cap wouldn't stay on my whiskey bottle. So I fixed it with scotch tape.
What You're Saying with Your Drink Choice Lol What's Miley Cyrus eating for Thanksgiving.. Twerky!
At the risk of offending my fans, I finally bought an air conditioner Prison counts as a gated community, right?
The best pickup line I have a weapon in my pants. It's so strong it could destroy Uranus. What Do you get when you cross a kangaroo and a Sheep? A WOOLY JUMPER :)
Ebola has been in the US for 1 day and people are already wearing masks. AIDS has been here for 55 years and fools still don't use a condom On your first day in jail, when they ask you what you're in there for, say "the food" so all the other prisoners know you're a loose cannon.
You're spending a lot of time at that  computer screen. Have you had your eyes checked? No they've always been blue! Farting is your ass referring to itself in the turd person.
There are 10 kinds of people in this world, those who understand binary, those who don't, and those who weren't expecting a trinary joke. What do you call a dinosaur that raps about life? A philosorapper
How do animals cross the ocean? On a Gir-raft. A blind dude walks into a bar. Ouch.
I had a really good joke... but autocorrect ruined the lunchtime [breakfast table] Me: Who killed the entire box of Lucky Charms? 8: Not me 9: Not me CEREAL KILLER: Not me either
The amount of time you spend cleaning your house before a friend comes over is inversely proportional to the quality of that friendship. Remember when teachers asked to lie quietly with your head on your desk? My boss has yet to be impressed with this skill.
How did the butcher introduce his wife? Meet Patty! Normally I can't dance to save my life, but as soon as I step in dog shit, I can moonwalk better than Michael Jackson
So I got a piece of ass this morning... my finger slipped through the paper. Just Friends is my favorite movie that shows fat guys how to get out of the friendzone through perseverance and becoming Ryan Reynolds.
How does a train eat? They Chew-Chew. [school teacher job interview] Can I ask you some questions? I don't know CAN you? haha impressive [stands] welcome aboard!
Why is the robot good at one night stands? Because he nuts and bolts. The Philippines is the only country in the world who turns its flag upside down during times of war while French people remove the red and blue colour
New phone My sister got an Iphone 5c. I asked if I could C it she said "No" so I said SIRI ously I like cheese more than I like most people.
Why didn't the dentist ask his secretary out?...He was already taking out a tooth How many cats does it take for a woman to qualify as a "crazy cat lady?" None. Just a couple of youtube cat videos.
It seems highly unlikely that the Romans would have built a new cross for every execution, which means... Jesus was a repost. It's funny how liberals think Donald Trump oppresses women and hates gays Like he's a Muslim or something.
*tries to mount a horse* Horse: "I have a boyfriend." My wife is so moody at Christmas, I blame the festive period.
You hear about the newswoman with one boob? She kept abreast of the current issues. (go easy...just made this up) Knock Knock Who's there ! Alistair ! Alistair who ? Alistairs in this house are broken !
Why has there never been a military dictatorship in America? Because they don't have an American embassy over there. Interviewer: Where were you born? Me: Missouri. I: What state are you in now? M: Apathy. I: That's not what I meant. M: I don't care.
Who isn't white or black but shows you no color? A Rod A pharmacy was just robbed. A pharmacy was just robbed $500,000. Security camera footage recorded the criminal taking 2 bottles of aspirin and a Zoloft.
Yo momma so old.... She has a separate entrance for black men. Why do elephants have big flat feet? To stamp out flaming ducks.
God all I want is a chance to prove that winning the lottery won't change me. What kind of cheese is made backwards? Edam.
What's the best drink for a dog? An old faschund. What's the difference between Iceland and Ireland? A consonant.
Just ate two bacon cheeseburgers, so if anyone wants to come rob me, I won't be getting up. What do toads drink ? Croaka-cola !
How many cats does it take to make a fur coat? None! Cats can't sew! When I was younger, I was given a choice: a good memory or a long dong. I can't remember which I chose.
A man walks into a library to check out a book for men with small penises. The librarian looks on her computer and says, "I don't know if it's in yet." "Yeah that's the one" Arnold Schwarzenegger glancing up excitedly and then looking away disappointedly multiple times while watching the intro to "Hey Arnold"
"Does this leaf make me look fat?" - Eve. Ironically its exactly 12 steps from my car to the liquor store
What does my ex and a tampon have in common? They're both stuck up cunts. This mallard waddled into a bar... Should've ducked.
President Lincoln "I'm going to miss you, President Lincoln," said John Wilkes Booth. Booth lied. He didn't. Chicks with big tits always seem to say the right things.
Saudi TV Mistake Saudi Arabia TV reported the Brussels attack 15 minutes earlier than it actually happened. Saudi TV sincerely apologizes for this innocent mistake. [Touring Italy] Guide: Bathroom anyone? Me: I peed at the Tower of Pizza Guide: That's Pisa Me: Sorry. I took a pisa at the Tower of Pizza
Me: C'mon, baby. Send me a pic. Her: I dunno. Me: Baby, please. I need it. Her: Fine. *Opens pic of pug dressed like a duck* Me: Sweeeeeet Bough some shoes from my drug dealer. They were pretty nice
What's grey and comes in quarts? Elephants A pirate's walking down the beach.... ...when he comes across a little girl. The litter girl says, "Hey Pirate! Where's your buccaneers??" The pirate responds, "tucked inside my buck'n hat!!"
if formula for area of a circle is true, whats the shape of pi. square What is the Pope's favorite type of woman? Nun
Seven days without Mexican food.... Makes Juan weak. I used to think people who looked for sex on craigslist were rock bottom... Then I discovered twitter.
I heard some new music today and I can't be sure if I liked it or not. It was called Schrodinger Scat. The Walking Dead Season Finale Check back in six months for the punchline.
Why do they call it PMS? Because mad cow disease was already taken. Proper punctuation... Proper punctuation is the difference between "helping your Uncle, Jack, off a horse" and "helping your uncle jack off a horse" It's a classic, but a good one
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb? You can always unscrew a light bulb. can't now.. having an heated argument with my toaster.
The awesome moment when you're telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you "Why do white people like cheese so much?" Because they're made from cultures! Edit: Five BLM members disliked this post.
This fly I just killed in my apartment is more talented than every celebrity that tweets on this fucking site. Listen, I hate you... I'm just not... IN hate with you.
Goldman Sachs is trimming bonuses. Conan O'Brien's payout is only $32 million. Anyone know where we can text-message our donations? My grandfather's holocaust stories aren't half as depressing as the contestant interview segment on Jeopardy.
Q: What do you call a bunch of dead black people in a barn? A: Out dated farming equipment. "That'll be $15.99 please" "Do you take giant revolving badgers?" *cashier grabs me by the throat* "We ONLY take giant revolving badgers"
What do you call a midget psychic on the run? A small medium at large. Why does Mexico never get gold medals in olympics? Because all their swimmers, runners, and high jumpers are in USA.
My next door neighbour just confronted me about her clothes going missing from the washing line .. I nearly shit her pants What kind of headphones are sold in 50 shades of grey? Beats
Whats black and thin and all over my private parts? Dead African Children Why did everyone bring a quiche to Sean Connery's party? It was leave your keys at the door.
How did Jesus feel when they crucified him? He was cross. How do you know when a mongol is level? He's drooling from both corners of his mouth.
So I'm banging this guy from behind... ... and he turns around to kiss me, and I say "Whoa, buddy. I'm not gay!" Nothing is more frightening than accidentally making eye contact with a guy who runs a mall kiosk.
Six U.S congress men die and go to heaven. Wanna heare a joke about potassium? K
"I may be fat, but you're ugly  I can lose weight!" I showed up later to dinner yesterday because I was baking a turkey. I'm the turkey.     Il see myself to the kitchen table.
Did you hear about the LEGO truck that crashed on the highway? Authorities are still trying to piece everything together... What do you get when you combine Avogadro's number of avocados? GuacaMole!
What do you call a man with no shin Toe knee What do you call a computer that only plays sad songs? Adele
What's the worst part about being black and jewish? You have to sit in the back of the oven. Why do scuba divers roll backwards out of the boat? Cause if they rolled forwards, they would still be in the boat.
out of all the lies ive told just kidding is my favorite. I don't get it? Can I get a pina colada please. 'This is Starbucks' Sorry, can I have venti pina colada.
What is Dwight Schrute's hometown? Nanda Parbeets. [Enter restaurant] WIFE: See if you can get us a table ME: Ok [1 minute later] ME: [sprinting towards wife, carrying table] START THE CAR
My parents are mixed raced. My Dad prefers the 100 meters, and my mother is Pakistani. ~ Stewart Francis. They're remaking Ocean's 11 with an all-female cast and it's gonna be called Ocean's 8 It's that damn wage gap I tell ya!
Chuck Norris can do a roundhouse kick faster than the speed of light. This means that if you turn on a light switch, you will be dead before the lightbulb turns on. why did hitler commit suicide? Because he saw the gas bill (Thanks nofx)
Girls are like math problems... If they are under 18, it's best you do them in your head. A man caught me applying chap stick, so I just started eating it so it wouldn't be weird.
What is the difference between my car and Whitney Houston? My car can hit 50. A job interview.  What's your worst quality?  Honesty.  Well, i don't think that honesty is a bad quality..  I don't give a fuck what you think.
Woke up at 5 am. Early to bed early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise. Not to mention completely delusional about being healthy, wealthy, and wise. Girlfriend: "babe it's hot I need a fan" [Boyfriend starts taking pictures with her and BEGGING for autographs]
The first rule of denial club is I can stop anytime I want. H: Well, the remote was definitely broken, so I went and bought a new one. Me: H: Oh, and it came with this 75" television.
Life is life, Sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium. The economy is so bad I went to buy a toaster and they gave me a bank.
How much lube does the Hamburglar need to fuck his kinky girlfriend? About a quart to pound her with cheese. I'll never forget the words of my late Grandfather... "Sorry I'm late."
I told this guy I was arguing with if he stepped one more step closer I would hit him in the face, but he kept walking right to me. I guess he didn't understand the punchline. I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather... Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
The 7 Habits of Highly Successful Nun Impersonators This morning I went for a run and came back home after 2 mins because I forgot something... I forgot that I was fat and could only run for 2 mins.
What's 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole? OBAMA'S tie Your mama so fat.. Her curve set everyone's grade to A+
What did the dejected man say to the considerate calculator trying to console him? It's the bot that counts. I made a company that disguises land mines as prayer mats... Prophets are through the roof
Did you hear the one about the cannibal who passed his nephew in the jungle? ... Damn girl, are you a 48-pack of frozen corn dogs? Because I thought it would last forever.
i must be really good on the phone Whenever I call a company, they tell me they are going to use my call for training purposes. Warning: Dead baby joke What's the difference between a dead baby and a rock. You can't fuck a rock.
I hit a can of bug spray with a hammer and my dad walked in the room. He caught me beating Off Tea makes everything great,even meth. Cos without T,meth is just meh.
Police: Viagra on the Rise as Recreational Drug Amongst Urban Youth The Boys in the Hood are always hard. I can't believe I forgot to bring sunscreen to the beach.... ...boy was my face red.
Name please "Yo-Yo Ma" Your full name [quietly] "Yoghurt-Yoghurt Marmalade" He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Galactus is about to eat our solar system when he flips over the label WARNING: CONTAINS MERCURY "No thanks, I'll eat something else." What did the lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire? Same time next month?
My Grandpa got his tongue shot off in the war... But He never talks about it. Dallas Black people: please be Muslim please be Muslim please be Muslim Muslim people: please be black please be black please be black
What's the difference between boogers and rice pudding? Nobody eats rice pudding. My Wife is refusing to fry any food and is insisting on eating healthier. She is turning into a Kitchen Nazi. She keeps sticking everything in the oven.
9: What did that message on the TV say Me: It said, the film has been modified to fit our screen 9: How do they know what size TV we have? 2 words can open up many doors in your life. Push and Pull
"Hi?" -First cow being milked Why are most Muslims broke all the time? They never understood the concept of piggy banks.
What are the strongest days? Saturday and Sundays. The others are weakdays Why should we call Indians Native Americans? Most of those ones over in Asia have never even been to the States.
Having no tattoos in 2014, is like having tattoos in 1967. Knock knock..Who's there?..Interrupting coefficient of friction.. The interrupting coeff--- MU!
Abortion clinics are awful. But their smoothies are to die for. I just got back from r/Synesthesia It tasted great!
84% of Canadians think the preparations for the American blizzard are "cute" Q: Why are elephants big, wrinkled, grey, and hairy? A: Because if they were small, smooth, white, and hairless, they'd be aspirin tablets!
Whats the difference between a priest and acne?? Acne waits until your 12 to come on your face. I accidentally left a butt plug up her ass for 2 weeks... No shit
My mom let the street raise me, which is why the only things I'm really good at are letters, numbers, and talking like Cookie Monster. My ex broke up with me but left a bag of chips in my car. 3 weeks passed and I texted "I still got your chips if you want them."
"Knok Knock " -"Knok Knock." ="Who's there ?" -"Grandad" ="Shit, stop the funeral" credit: Gary Delaney When googling Gary Oldman I highly suggest not forgetting the "R"
I haven't made egg jokes in a while I thought I'd take a crack at them What do DNA and Diarrhea have in common? They both run in your jeans (genes)
50 shades of hay [50 shades of hay](http://imgur.com/YRGs7P0) Well I was going to donate blood today until.... the lady got all personal and started asking, "Who's blood is this?" and "How did you get it?"
The symptoms of Ebola... ... are sweating, weakness, diarrhoea &amp; stomach pains. The exact same kind of feeling that a husband gets when he sees his wife going through his phone and messages .. Colonel Mustard. In the kitchen. Eating soup. Calm down.
Two Irishman walk out of a pub. It could happen. [at funeral] "it was so sudden" really? "yeah right in the middle of rap battle" I thought you said he died of dysentery TERRY: That's right
Rappers are terrible with pets: the Baja Men let their dogs out, DMX never knows where his dogs are at, and Pitbull is awful. My wife's star sign was cancer and it's actually quite ironic how she died.. She was attacked by a crab.
Death Joke "My grandfather knew the exact time of the exact day of the exact year that he would die." "Wow, what an evolved soul! How did it come to him?" "The judge told him." I always eat at McDonald's when they do the Monopoly pieces. 1 in 4 wins obesity.
I go to the gym religiously. You know, once or twice a year around the holidays. What did the pirates say who stole Kim Kardashians jewelry? We wanted her booty!
Why are camels known as the ships of the desert? Because they're filled with Arab semen. I bet the guy who invented fake dog shit was upset the name "shampoo" was taken
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't! What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? (Slightly NSFW) A lick-a-lot-a-puss.
McDonald's being the official restaurant of the Olympics is like smoking being the official medicine of cancer. I think I'm gonna make a bracelet that supports getting rid of bracelets that support stuff.
You know, gas prices really aren't that bad when you consider that you're essentially buying dinosaurs in liquid form. [around campfire] ME: *grabs guitar* Hey kids how about a song? KIDS: Yeah! ME: ok *clears throat* LET THE BODIES HIT THE FLOOR LET THE BODI
10 WARNING SIGNS THAT YOU'RE CURRENTLY READING A LIST Luke, I am your father. Man you should see your face right now. It's all like waaaaaat no way.
What do you call a party with no Filipino people? A no-Nguyen scenario. Money is the root of all evil, until the collection plate comes around
The police are looking for a thief with one eye Why don't they use two? how to get into shape: 1. punch a bear 2. run. this is your life now
Texting someone back while driving just means that you love them enough to actually die for them. A little boy with diarrhea tells his mom he needs Viagra. The mom asks, "Why on earth do you need that?" The little boy replies, "isn't that what you give dad when HIS shit won't get hard?!"
Why are you eating a banana with the skin on? Oh it's all right. I know what's inside. What do you call someone who discriminates you for your oral hygiene? A dent*ist*.
What's smaller than a teenie weenie ant? An ant's teenie weenie! Why do geologists perform so well during intercourse? They really know how to make bedrock.
I'm wearing a push-up bra and can still only do 3 push-ups. Would not recommend. Harry is a? Fucking WIZARD!
I named my eraser Confidence It gets smaller every time I make a mistake. On TV shows, answering machines are actually saying leave a message after the fuck.
Bear of bad news: Hey, sport. You might wanna be sitting down. Ready? Oh god how do I put this? I'm gonna have to maul the shit out of you. What do James Cameron and M. Night Shamylan have in common? Icy dead people.
*Tries to hit the gym* *Gym hits back* "So, doctor, do I have cancer or not?" "Oh Jesus Christ, holy shit, tons of it," said the doctor to Martin Shkreli.
MATH JOKE: The ladies call me an integral ...because I fill the area under their curves Billy Mays is in heaven now... Billy Mays is up in Heaven partying like it's $19.99.
What's Rick Grimes' favorite holiday? Christmas, Carl Late to Fight Club Was late to my Fight Club last night so I missed the intro rules. I love Fight Club, I'd highly recommend Fight Club.
The iPhone doesn't have a headphone jack and the Samsung battery is exploding... It's like the mobile equivalent of our presidential election! It's green but when you press a button it turns red. A frog in a blender.
After two divorces, I think I've found the key to a successful marriage. Don't marry a c*nt. Whats the difference between Santa Clause and me ? Santa Only Cums Once A Year
Her: You know when you're craving a cheeseburger but you order a salad instead... Me: (wiping ketchup off my face with my sleeve) No. What do my wife and a chest freezer have in common? The exterior is hot, but its cold as ice inside.
Calling Sony comments"racially insensitive remarks" instead of "racist"? U can put a cherry on a pile of sh*t but it don't make it a sundae. Where did Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
Did you hear about the Mexican Train Killer? He had loco motives I farted in a room full of hipsters.. then watched them fight over who heard it first.
[commercial] Narrator: These are real people and not actors- Actor watching the commercial: *throws lamp at TV* WE'RE PEOPLE TOO! I guess I prefer Subway because they make me feel like I'm making the healthy decision when I order a loaf of bread with 18 meatballs on it.
What will men do if women become extinct? Domesticate another animal. i'm the girl your mom warned you about... long nails, big eyes, purple tongue, green skin. i'm reptar. i'm reptar from rugrats.
I skipped the 9 puns and killed the last one. That's a pun in ten dead. Where did Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies!
I've seen: UFOs Ghosts A Two Headed Turtle Kimodo Dragons But nothing is as unbelievable to me as seeing Trump run for president. What did the mermaid do last Saturday night? She went out with the tide.
Anyone need a job? I hear Malaysia Airlines is looking for people. ^im ^so ^sorry Instead of sending friends Christmas cards, is it ok If I return the ones I got and just add the words "Me too"?
If you have a dog grooming business and it's not called "Doggie Style" then something is wrong with you. The phrase 'lazy asshole' is an oxymoron... Because an asshole gets shit done.
I will die one day at a Del Taco, shot dead by a SWAT team after taking several hostages over what I feel is the meaning of extra cheese. What do vegetables watch when they're horny? Corn
My wife ordered a pizza from Papa John's but I saved a step by throwing up before it got here. I can't believe you "accidentally" let it slip into her butt! Dick move, asshole.
"Pikachu, use astonish!" *Leans into opponent's ear* "Jet fuel can't melt steel beams." One of my favourite things is Pork Souvlaki on a Pita But it's hard to get the animal rights activists to stay still
I've always wanted a job cleaning mirrors... It's just something I can see myself doing. New low: Looking in my purse and seeing my TV remote.
What did the businessman wear to the thai restaurant? A plaid tie. If she's naming your wedding album on facebook "wEdDiNg dAy!!!!!" she's too young for you bro.
Respond to every "How was your weekend?" today by staring off into the distance & whispering "So much blood..." Why do girls wear makeup and perfume? Because they are ugly and they smell.
I should've been a sniper. They get to lie around all day and hardly lift a finger. Thought I saw a walking burrito but it was just a pug in a raincoat.
Why don't old women ever have sex? ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwich? How are babies different from feminists? Babies grow up and stop crying.
Text from niece: I'm board! M: Perhaps you could work on your spelling. N: Wat? What do you call a donkey that falls into a pile of sugar? A Sweet Ass (   )
Why are TV's attracted to people? Because we turn them on. /*Badumtss*/ Cops are looking for a man who robbed a store using scissors. They say the guy could be a real danger--unless you have a rock.
Every time I see an obese family at a buffet, I throw a sack of marbles onto the table and have a live showing of Hungry Hungry Hippos. Can't believe my neighbors don't have any rum. How am I supposed to enjoy their hot tub while they're on vacation?
A man visits a prostitute The man says, "I want to have sex with you for $200, but then I also want to hit you" The prostitute asks, "For how long?" The man replies, "Until I have my money back!" People who try to beat you when walking into a store. No.
Why did the Titanic have a hard time getting a date? It couldn't break the ice. I hate people who think it's cool to take drugs ...like customs officers
What makes light beer and having sex on a canoe essentially the same thing? They are both fucking close to water. Why kind of cigarettes do Hawaiians smoke? Mahalo bro lights.
Once you have to start paying a babysitter every time you go out, you realize most friendships aren't worth it. Stop leaving me messages. If I ever wanted to talk to you again, I wouldn't have borrowed all that money.
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob? If we don't get some support soon, people are going to think we're nuts. Me: *pouts at front facing camera* Front facing camera: I have a girlfriend.
Why didn't the Smurfs fit in the house? There wasn't [mushroom](http://i.imgur.com/Yt9AWCO.jpg) Flavor Flav turns 51 today. He'll spend a quiet day at home, still resting up after a weekend of moving clocks forward.
Him: why doesn't anyone want me? Me: I want you. Him: why doesn't anyone else want me? Why does Dr. Pepper come in bottles? Because his wife is dead.
In hell, your socks are always wet Ate a salad for lunch so basically I didn't eat lunch.
A bunch of police officers were outside of a gas station today Apparently someone threw a case of beer ontop of his baby. The baby is okay though, it was a light beer I only date right handed women... Righty tighty, lefty loosey
Apparently googling "how to get suspended with pay" from my work computer is frowned on by my employer. What do you feed a disappearing cat? Evaporated milk
[ISIS cuts off some dudes heads] Whoa thats messed up you better quit it! [ISIS breaks old rocks] OKAY WE HAVE TO STOP THEM NOW. "This birthday cake certainly is crunchy."  "Maybe you should spit out the plate!"
Where does Amy go after the explosion? EVERYWHERE!!! Toilet stolen from police station Cops have nothing to go on.
Guns don't kill people People that have 5 kids, 1 cat, 2 ex-mother-in-laws & work 50 hours a week without wine in their life, kill people In honour of Back To The Future, I just went back in time one hour. That's the joke.
Who are you going to trust, some real doctor who says it's impossible to make you a centaur, or me, the guy with a hacksaw and half a horse? How do you spot a blind man at a nudist colony? It's not hard.
"You know what? Guys should play ALL the parts. We could even wear dresses and kiss and stuff." - Shakespeare's gay friend [describing a chair] it's like a swing without all the drama
Noisy Nights by Constance Norah So, this baby seal walks into a club... [o(;_;)o](http://youtu.be/TK2TuqcNWPY?t=30s)
Do you know you can't hang a man with a wooden leg in Maine? You have to use a rope. The band The Doors have decided to change their name after the next member dies It's gonna be Three Doors Down.
What did one dog say to the other when he wanted a marker? "Pass the Shar Pei, please." How much does a corpse weigh? A skele-ton
What happens when Vladimir Putin stands up too fast? Head Russian... I'm pretty sure I have all of those countless hours spent playing Tetris to thank for my mad dishwasher loading skills.
The best part of September is fucking with Green Day during their hibernation. If you're behind someone at an ATM late night, let them know you're not a threat by giving them a gentle kiss on their  neck.
What did the doctor say to the man who walked off the roof of his house? I don't think you understand the gravity of the situation. Kill me once, shame on me. Kill me twice, shaman you.
What is the difference between Donald Trump's hair and a Headcrab? Nothing. Chuck Norris never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear.
When you're alone in your room, start doing karate so ghosts know what's up. How does the moon cut his hair? 'Eclipse it Thought it was relevant to today's eclipse...
U once broke ur toe? I once broke my foot. U had a baby? I had 2 babies. U have a bad back? I have a bad front. I can do this all day, btw. 3 Old Women and a Flasher Three old women are sitting on a park bench when a man comes by and flashes them. Two of them have a stroke, and the third one couldn't reach.
i know i'm getting old because i'm grumpy, i sleep early, and the devil appears with an empty hourglass whenever i shut my medicine cabinet Why did a man's pet vulture not make a sound for five years? It was stuffed.
What do you say if your mom sees you having sex? You say: Look mom, no hands! I'm worried about my friend My friend has just be diagnosed as a Polaroid Schizophrenic. It developed quickly.
What do you do if attacked by a clan of clowns? Go for the juggler Is your refrigerator running? Because if it is, I might vote for it.
I was gonna tell you guys a gay joke... ...butt fuck it What do you call it when a Cat wins a Dogshow? Cat-has-trophy. Such punny. Much Cringe.
Why can't Iron Man stay in a steady relationship? He has rust issues. I dont care or think about the people in my past... there is some reason why they didn't make it to my future!
What do you have left after you burn a French alphabet? H Edit: I don't like explaining jokes but since the first guy didn't get I might as well: When pronounced in a French accent it sounds like ash. You know what jokes are the worst? Lesbian jokes. Those are for pussies.
Her: What veggies are the kids having with dinner? Me: (Smacking the bottom of a ketchup bottle) Fresh Tomatoes... I figure I must be Bi-sexual. I have sex twice a year.
How many American cops does it take to change a broken lightbulb? Two. One to arrest the room for being black, and the other to arrest the bulb for being broke. What do we want? An end to auto-correct errors! When do we want it? Cow! Sow! Bow! Tow! Duck this!
Totally Original Roses are Red Violets are Blue Some Poems Rhyme This one doesn't Whats long, green, and smells like pork? Kermit's finger.
A Nerd joke.. A photon walks up to an airline counter to buy a ticket and the clerk asks "any baggage to check?" The photon replies "No, I'm traveling light." TOP TEN REASONS WHY BEER IS BETTER THAN RELIGION
sapnu puaS Read it upside down Every time student loan rates double, the price of solo cups should get cut in half.
In a perfect world a "Party Pooper" would be someone who could shoot confetti out of their butt. What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle? Beef Strokenoff
Knock, Knock... Who's there? Peas. Peas who? *Peas pass the butter* Did you hear about the magic tractor? It went down a hill and turned into a field
There was an old lady at a ATM today, she asked me if I could help check her balance. So I pushed her over. Why do Communists only drink coffee? Because proper tea is theft.
What kind of juice does hitler drink? Concentrated juice. Man died after crushing against a mirror Witnesses said: "he saw it coming"
Never feel worthless! Your organs are worth thousands. How do you catch a unique rabbit? Unique up behind it
Please Choose a Sears Portrait Background: 1. Autumn Leaves 2. Toenail Fungal Infection 3. Country Cabin 4. Alarmed Possum I've decided to fight my addiction I'm not posting on reddit until next year
The photo technician got caught masterbating to people's photos They charged him with "indecent exposure" I am sick and tired of women jokes!! period!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Grunge Barbie ...with flannel shirt and a goatee Apologies your honor [slides ventriloquist dummy back under my seat] I was told these proceedings were going to be televised.
Luigi: You got your own land, world & galaxy. Can I have Mario Mansion? Mario: ok fine [under breath] gonna put a bunch of ghosts in it tho I like asking girls if I can buy them a drink and when they say yes I yell "YOU DON'T KNOW MY FINANCIAL SITUATION" and run away.
I was going down on my grandmother the other day... When I tasted horse semen, and I thought "huh, that must be how she died." People who say "in and of itself" are responsible for most of the trouble in the world.
All i'm saying is, before Back to the Future 3, he was fine. I didn't know what to wear the the premature ejaculators meeting... So I just came in my pants.
a horse walks into a bar A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "why the long face"? The horse says, "I have cancer". My weather forecast is always "room temperature."
A man goes to a $3 hooker He contracted crabs. When he goes back to complain, the hooker laughs and says, "What do you expect for $3, a lobster?" Another poor soul worked at a company making blankets. He lost his job when the company folded.
What's worse than a lobster on your piano? Crabs on your organ! Funny that when a girl sleeps with a lot of guys she's considered a slut ... but when I do it I'm gay.
chocolate just tastes better when you pretend a fat German kid drowned in it Did you know that men are more successful than women in committing suicides? Ladies, can you gals do anything right?
no matter what the government says no one can stop you from eating the bugs you find in your garden Of course he's going to get re-elected, because once you go Black...
What's worse than a lobster on your piano? Crabs on your organ. Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough.
What do you call... What do you call four mexicans standing in quicksand? Cuatros Cincos The last US election had a candidate called Mitt, a devout Catholic and a candidate called Newt, a serial adulterer. One was against same sex marriage and the other was against same marriage sex.
Do you know how to keep an idiot in suspense? I'll tell you later. Made a hiking playlist earlier called trail mix It has a lot of eminem in it
Yeah, I knew Shakespeare in college. Typical neck bard. How do you tell who the extroverted engineers are? They're the ones who look at YOUR shoes when they talk to you.
I don't always date people with... I don't always date people with chromosomes... But when I do, I prefer Dos Equis. What do you call a tight asshole? a noose
I told a friend of mine that me and other friends were talking about him behind his back. He told me, "You disgust me." And I said, "Yes. Yes we did." Damn girl, are you a pig? Because your mother looks like a pig. Because you look damn hot bacon in the Sun. Because I want to stuff you like Thanksgiving dinner. . . . More suggestions appreciated
What does a tight-rope walker eat for breakfast? A Balanced Diet! Insomnia causes questionable browser history.
What do you get if you cross a sorceress with a millionaire? A very witch person. Milk toast was probably named by same lazy guy that named the fireplace and waterfall.
Me trying to impress a girl Girl: I'm Into horror movies Me: My dad's a serial killer If you want to set up and run a small company... ...that's your business
No matter if you are American or European 9/11 is a sad date Everyone needs a three hour nap after their breakfast pizza, right?
I went for my prostate examination this morning.After inserting a finger into my arse and having a good feel around, the doctor looked at me and said, "that should be my finger, not yours" I was sitting on the train this morning, and I saw a really sexy Thai girl I thought to myself, "Please don't get an erection, please don't get an erection", but she did.
Me: congrats! Are you pregnant? Her: (awkwardly) Noooo... Me: *panics* do you wanna be? -great save- thanks brain My boyfriend and I are Cherokee Indians. He stood me up at our favorite restaurant last night... But it's OK. I don't think we could have stayed anyway, we didn't have a reservation.
My doctor just told me I'm suffering from paranoia. Well he didn't actually say that, but I could tell it was what he was thinking. How do you make Holy water? Boil the hell out of it.
Making Asian food is easy... It's a WOK in the park I saw a tweet saying liberals should create their own Captain America. They did. In 1940.
Wearing 'EarPods' is my favorite way of making the rest of the world believe my verbal outbursts are part of a heated phone conversation. My wife's credit card got stolen and she doesn't know how... I do, I've been praying for a financial miracle.
Boss confused me with another employee and fired me. Then called two days later to fire me for not showing up for 2 days. #HowIGotFired Why did the noodles go to rehab? To get yakisoba.
If short people smoke weed... If short people smoke weed, do they get high or medium. Hey dude! Would we be considered in-laws if I slept with your wife? No... we'd be even.
Her: Do you kik? Me: Like rocks? Her: ....... Since I started dating my girlfriend a year ago I became a millionaire! 6 months ago I was a billionaire :(
Why did Sauron buy the sedan instead of the coupe? More doors. What does Lamar Odom have in common with a hooker? Excellent ball control.
A dog owner tells his dog.. Owner: "Who's a good boy?" Doggo: "Did you just assume my gender?!" How do you tell the difference between a meth head and a hillbilly? The meth head still has teeth.
What do you call a skank playing "H.O.R.S.E?" She missed two shots, so she's a ho.  I'll leave now. I walked in on my wife singing the other day. Surprised, I said "Oh, I thought you were the radio." Flattered, she asked "Did you come to listen?" "No," I replied, "I came to turn it off."
I doubt Vodka is the answer, but it's worth a shot How does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
They demolished my local Domino's Pizza shop... yesterday, and then all the other shops on the street fell down. My girlfriend caught me cross-dressing So I packed up her clothes and left
Every time I cook risotto I feel like Gordon Ramsey is going to walk in and scream at me. So I'm still newish around here... What are the rules about Canadians? Does everybody get one? Do I get to choose? Where do I sign up?
Family size or very determined single person size? I have a Victoria's Secret model's body!! (in my basement)
What do you call a Chameleon that cant change colors? A reptile dysfunction... What do you call a slutty camera? A loose Canon.
I think it's about time Taylor Swift wrote a song and called it "Maybe I am The Problem". What do you call the most successful vasectomist in American history? American Snipper
me as a realtor: This house does include a crawl space. It's probably full of bones already, but you can always add more bones yourself. What do you call a bowl full of leaves and epileptics? Seizure Salad.
Chemistry, ok. But soulmates? You'd think if our spirits were perfectly matched, they'd be comfortable at the same thermostat setting. Instead of God, try worshipping a golf cart for a few years and see if it makes any difference.
My friend is always looking for trouble... Which is good because he's a cop. I think the only thing a bike helmet protects you from is getting laid
Pokemon GO is trying to fix its servers... It's not very effective. What did Patrick Stewart say when he proposed to his wife? Engage.
Where did the general put his armies? In his sleevies. Animals that lose their tails visit the retail store.
Why can't you tell Walter White a knock knock joke? Because he is the one who knocks. Whats the difference between a boy scout and a jew? The boy scout returns home from the camp.
Why doesn't Jesus participate in Battle Raps? All his comebacks take three days.. A girl walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre... so he gives it to her
A blind man walks into a bar, and a chair, a table, and a human. A wavy guitarist has a low self esteem He just wanted to B-flat
A reboot of Dexter, but this time he stalks and kills people who crunch their disposable water bottles as they drink. Tried to cash in on this kid joke thing. My daughter is a disappointment. Why did the skeleton cross the road? He didn't because he doesn't have skin and he just fell apart.
Whats the difference between Usain bolt and Hitler? Usain bolt can finish a race. Edit: Grammar What happens when a Chinese man with a boner runs into a wall? He breaks his nose.
*Closes refrigerator door and hears contents inside fall* Well... sounds like a problem for the next person. No thanks resolutions, if I wanted to be reminded of everything I didn't follow through on at the end of the year, I'd get married again.
Did you hear about the broken watch from the 1800's? It was a timeless classic. Why does Germany have so many different kinds of bread? Well, we had to do something with the ovens.
On his first day, my gay friend lost his job at the sperm bank. He was caught drinking on the job. Just finished painting my bedroom in under ten minutes using vinyl Surely that's some kind of record.
You say "tomato," I say "tomato," and there, we've written our own wedding vows Q: How do spies send secret messages in a forest? A: By moss code.
There is a fine line between the numerator and the denominator Only a fraction of people will get this. What do you call a ghost with a broken leg? Hoblin Goblin.
Big bad wolf says to LittleRedRidingHood: Ho-ho-ho - I'm going to eat you all up! LittleRedRidingHood says: "Eat, eat, eat. Doesn't anyone wanna fuck anymore?" Why was the detective excited when he found a thimble sized crown? He was looking for Finger Prince. (Say it out loud if you don't get it.)
ducks love bread but aparently bread is bad for ducks, so dont feed ducks bread, but love ducks even more bc theyre self-destructive like us Happy Greek Easter! Which Greek God loved to collect animals? Zoos
BAlls and Pen*s are best friends Balls to penis: why the fcuk you leave me when u see a hole or 2 mountains? Penis: coz thats the only time i really need you I blame 2 of my 3 DUIs on Jesus because I specifically told him to take the wheel
I started observing extremists Wanted to find out what made them tick... tock... boom How did Darth Vader know what Obi-Wan Kenobi was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents.
Q: What's big, red, and eats rocks? A: A big red rock eater. I'm pretty sick right now. You could say I'm feeling like Charles Lindbergh... Because I got the flu
How is a Bill Cosby better than Ronda Rousey? He's never met a woman he hasn't knocked out. What did one sick casket say to the other sick casket? Is that you, coffin?
"No. No birthdays, Christmas or modern medicine.. But you sure do make great friends going door-to-door" *Door slams - Jehova's Witnesses I think it's been enough time to warrant a Star Wars spoiler... Yoda is dead
I don't mean to be a party pooper but... where's your bathroom? In hell, the thermostat is guarded by a bunch of dads.
I used to feel tired and sluggish. nothing could get me out of the house. then i tried MethTM and boy did i burn my house down What's the Difference between like, love and showing off?? Spit, Swallow and Gargle
[Different version] How to be insulting Never mind, you wouldn't get it Obama says he supports gay marriage because his views have "evolved." Republicans unsure which half of the sentence to get more angry about.
- Are you sure? -defenet... difini... difine... YES IM SURE! Why don't black people listen to country music? Every time the hear the word hoedown they think their sister's been shot.
[Interview] "Tell me your weaknesses" Me: Well, I.. *wife busts in* He's a mouth breather, leaves the toilet seat up, forgets to take out th How many Freuds does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two. One to change the lightbulb and another to hold the penis. ... ... ... Er... I mean... The ladder.
What's the difference between a baby and a trampoline? I take my shoes off to jump on a trampoline. have to stop saying "how am i going to kill my way out of this one" everytime there is trouble going on, or at least not out loud
What did the butcher say when he handed his customer an empty pack of hotdogs on halloween? Happy halloweenie What did the sign convention management do to the woman who kept pulling down their long signs? Banner.
A man is in a car wreck and is rushed to the ER. When he wakes up he tells the doctor: "I can't feel my legs!!!" The doctor replies: "I know, I cut your arms off." What's the definition of a redneck virgin? A 7 year-old girl who can run faster than her brothers.
If you walk up to me with a plate of food and say "Matt?" My name will always be Matt. What did Mr. Freeze do with his wife on their first date? Netflix and chill.
Didn't u hate it when as a kid u got the "mystery flavor" lollipop & the mystery ended up being that your parents got divorced (Or lemon)? do all girls make poopy? if they do, why do men get hard for them?
Irony is lost on kleptomaniacs because they take everything literally. What do you call a black man who flies a plane? [2 part] A pilot, you racist. What do you call a Japanese man who flies a plane? A pirate.
Someone once told me that nothing rhymes with orange ... I said, "no it doesn't...." Met a cute guy at the bar, gave him my number and told him to text me when he got home I guess he's homeless.
I hadn't seen it in a while, but at a concert last night I saw someone using a disposable camera... It gave me a flashback A spider the size of a golf ball is in my kitchen so I guess this is my last tweet.
How come Greek salad doesn't have any lettuce? Austerity. someone using bare hands to put salad on a plate is letting you know they're not here for discussions about etiquette or anything really
Dear Diary, men think about sex every 7 seconds. I do that with pizza. whats the secret service of Australia called? M8
There's a new terrorist group targeting gorillas It's called Boko Harambe I loaned my cell phone to Bill Cosby Now I can't get it to wake up.
Justin Bieber was "Baptized" last night.... Or as the church likes to call it... "A failed attempt to drown Bieber" What does a pirate call his idiot son? A retarrrrrd
Thinking of getting another bed just for all my laundry i'm a homewrecker in the sense that i got sick out both ends in the attic and it soaked through the ceiling in 3 different rooms
I wear glasses during math, Because it improves division. I just met someone who was a steam-roller operator. He was such a flatterer.
I saw a train today... It seemed really angry. gave my wife a pedicure just so I could write in my diary "I nailed her...10 TIMES IN A ROW". Ha ha, jokes on you, Masculinity.
Keep your friends close, your enemies close, aliens not so close, ghosts close, snakes close, skeletons close, everything just in a big pile As a kid I was forced to walk the plank... We couldn't afford a dog
Welcome, take off your pants ...and jacket. *experiences all five stages of grief while the waiter walks by my table with what I thought was my dinner*
Whats so great about twenty-five year olds? There's 20 of them! (I can't believe this isn't a repost.) I wonder if Asian people put smileys like this )
Joe Jackson is the first father in history to successfully beat the black out of his son. http://i.imgur.com/AbZiowN.jpg CNN: We're not sure but we'll report it anyway.
I just read an article about a man swept out to sea during a baptism. I guess that's God's Way of saying "Nope". My laptop is so dumb. Every time it says "Your password is incorrect", I type in: "incorrect" and the silly thing still tells me the same thing.
What do you call a black man flying an airplane? a pilot You smell like trash..... Can I take you out?
What are three signs old age? 1. Becoming forgetful Was gonna go to the gym but then I checked Twitter. In 2009
What do you have to know to be a real estate salesman? Lots. What's the difference between a plumber and a scientist? Pronounce this word: unionized
Marathon Just won my first marathon. I am experiencing the thrill of victory and the agony of de feet. Why couldn't the chameleon change colors? He had a reptile dysfunction.
Only assholes name drop. Bruce Springsteen told me that. If women can do anything that men can do, then why haven't they ever suppressed an entire gender before? Its a joke lady's.
I didn't sleep very good last night... So I put some Monster Energy drink in my coffee this morning. I got halfway to work before before I realised I forgot my car. Just realized I follow Barack Obama and he follows me back. Excuse me while I send the leader of the free world a DM about Harry Potter.
What's wrong with the phrase "War on Drugs"? Wars end. I saw my first porn yesterday I was so young back then....
Have you guys heard about the new internet milk? It's for cereal. Never buying anything home-made on eBay again... I bought an 'Irony Detector' off of eBay, but it was broken. It detected everything *but* irony...
Can you tell me what you call a person from Corsica? Course a can. What's the difference between Indiana and Reddit? In Reddit, you get served no matter who you are.
Did you hear about the kleptomaniac who went to the theater the other day? He stole the show! Person one: Do you know that joke about the no and the me neither? Person 2: No? Person 1: Me Neither. Person 1: You didnt get it? Person 2: No Person 1: Me neither
It's always a good idea to make friends with babies. That's free cake once a year for a lifetime. Most people's religion or faith has a switch which they can conveniently switch on and off whenever it suits them.
What are your best corny jokes? I want them all! "What's brown and sticky?" "A stick." How many South Americans does it take to screw in a lightbulb ?? A Brazilian
My psychic friend is really excited about this new year. You could say he's really looking forward to it. Leia: This is romantic Han: I know Chewie: Rwwar Leia: Does he have to be here? Han: It's a life debt. You're basically marrying us both
What is Putin's favorite Justin Timberlake song? Cremia River What`s the difference between chinese people and racism? Racism has many faces
I spend a lot of money at Sephora for someone who's got access to filters How many Harvard students does it take to change a light bulb? One. He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
Did you hear about the man who had his right side cut off He's dead. Died from blood loss. Poor guy. On the bright side, his family got what's left of him. What do you call a baby seal between two slices of bread? A clubbed sandwich
If a dog sniffs your ass, you're probably a bitch. I was dating an analog synthesizer But I had to break it off. She was just continuously variable.
My dad likes to come to my office & tell the receptionist he's my parole officer in case you were wondering how I turned out like this. What Cell Phone Company does Usain Bolt use? Sprint
You'll catch more flies with honey than you will with vinegar. Also a rotting corpse will work. Or poop. Lots of ways to attract flies. In god we trust Everyone else must pay cash
Each of my 4 children has made me a better parent. So I figure I only need 34 more kids to be a pretty decent guy. Mick Jagger: Hey Keith, come hold my new baby. Keith holding baby, whispers to it: I'm going to out live you too.
If an elephant is the symbol of the Republican Party and a donkey is the symbol of the Democratic Party what is a pig the symbol of? Any party where there's lots of food. My Wife asked me to stop singing Wonderwall... I said maybe..........
100m Dash A girl says to her friend "The last time I had sex was like the 100 meter dash" Her friend says "What, over in 6 seconds?" "No, with 8 black men and a gun." A little boy walked into a police station "I lost my daddy" says the boy. "We'll look for him son, don't worry: what's he like?" asked the officer. "Liquor and women."
Check up time. I've just been for my 6 month check up and everything seem to be going well until he slipped his finger in to check my prostate. I will not be using that dental practise again. Find someone who can make you happy, like a doctor or pharmacist....basically anyone who has access to mood-enhancing drugs.
What does an Asian with the biggest erection get when he walks into a wall? A broken nose. Did you hear about the scarecrow who won a Nobel Prize? He's out standing in his field.
My girlfriend called me a pedophile yesterday... ...so I said, "That's a big word for a seven-year-old" What kind of computer can sing? A Dell.
There's 3 kinds of people in this world people who can count, and people who can't count There are two hats on a hanger... The broken one says to the other: "You go on a head..."
Have you heard about the new Corduroy pillow cases? They have made all the headlines. What's the key to long lasting Relationships? Not breaking up
For the last time, I don't have any secret prison camps. Anyone who doesn't believe me will be sent to a secret prison camp. Why did the vulture get kicked off the flight? He brought the wrong carrion.
You know its my phone if it looks like someone fingerpainted the touch screen in donut glaze. What did the girl say when the Statue of Liberty sneezed? God bless America.
How can Rihanna tell when Chris Brown's cheating on her? The brand of makeup on his knuckle isn't hers. What does a man often wake with, but can never go to sleep with? An alarm, you pervert!
What's the difference between the foundation of a building and the average Redittor? The foundation's been laid. My clients have a 86% survival rate, which makes me an above-average babysitter.
What were the political views of the librarian? She wanted open borders. What do you call an alligator detective wearing a waistcoat? An investigator.
An artist found a way to draw a two-sided figure, but the International Geometry Summit immediately began to furiously contest the new shape... I say, let bi-gons be bi-gons I come from a family of failed magicians I have 2 half sisters
I just failed my butcher's exam. Mis-steaks were made. They say a woman's work is never done that's probably why they get paid less
Why was Edward stuck at the Russian airport? Because he was Snowden. What did the neckbeard say while giving the eulogy for his extremely flatulent friend? Rip in peace
How do you bury a Jew? Dig a really deep hole and throw a penny in it. "Here's your cup of Joe" - Joe at the sperm bank
All men approve of premarital sex...until they have a daughter. Listen, if you are going to someone's house for Thanksgiving, compliment their baseboards. That is what they are spending today cleaning.
I feel sorry for my testicles. They can't even hang out without being judged. I bet when Hugh Hefner dies no one will say "He's in a better place now."
What's Bill Clinton's favorite Pink Floyd jam? Have a Cigar What do you call a nomadic caveman? A meanderthal.
A leaf and an emo fall from a tree. Who hits the ground first? The leaf. The rope stopped the emo. "I had the worst Cruise ever." - Katie Holmes
If I died & went straight to hell it would probably take me 2 or 3 weeks before I realized I wasn't at work anymore. Why do I tell jokes in elevators? Because they're funny on many levels.
What do you get when you cross pickle &amp; deer? Dildo. Argument with a woman is like reading the Software License Agreement... . . . . . At the end, you ignore everything and click 'I agree'.
Two guys walk down the street And one falls through the window I want to study... the area below your curves... It is integral.
What do you call a closet full of lesbians? A liquor cabinet. Two ducks are arguing in a bar about quantum physics... One turns to the other and says, 'Quark Quark' The other says, I'll have a Harvey Schrodinger, thanks'.
Women know that men are like linoleum . . . If they lay 'em right the first time, they can walk on them for years. Even reddit goes down more often... than my girlfriend.
"Don't dip your pen in company ink." - HR training seminar explaining why I shouldn't sleep with the receptionist...I think. What's the difference between jam and jelly? I can't jelly my dick up your ass.
Shoutout to rattlesnakes and condoms... Because I don't fuck with either of them. My main job as a husband is to taste things that my wife thinks taste like they've gone bad and tell her if they taste bad.
hey girl, are you my mom? cuz i'd like to kill your husband and fuck you Two polar bears were sitting in a bathtub The first one says "Give me the soap". The second one says "no soap. radio".
If Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg adopted a child... they could call it Slush Puppy :) How many Chuck Norris' does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, no light bulb dare go out in the presence of Chuck Norris.
I've been working on my favorite puns... I took ten of the best puns I knew and entered them into a local radio contest, hoping that one would win. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did. My wife caught me masturbating to one of those magic eye pictures. I told her it's not what it looks like
Why was the cat so small ? Because it only ate condensed milk ! Fifty Shades of Grey instills that if a dude is sexy and rich you should allow him contractual ownership of your body because helicopters.
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? It's not enough to change the bulb; we have to change the *system*. Hi, my name's Ray. I'll be drawing your blood today as soon as I finish this Capri Sun. *misses hole 4 times then punches straw through bag*
When I was your age, I was outside all day until dark 15: The batteries on cell phones must have been a lot better back then Me: ......... Q: What is the blonde's chronic speech impediment? A: She can't say "No".
A homophobe goes to the doctor to see if he has cancer... He says, "Give it to me straight, Doc." A Roman guy walks into a bar... He holds up two fingers and says "Five beers please!"
Why do cows lie down in the rain? To keep each udder dry. TIL the musical group Ace of Base was killed in a horrific traffic accident after they missed their exit on the highway and crashed... Police later said, "they didn't see the sign..."
What's the difference between a black man and a bike? The bike doesn't start singing when you put a chain on it. damn girl, you got a butt that WON'T QUIT *butt pulls out a knife* wait, no- *butt stabs me* no, stop- *butt doesn't stop* ...et tu, bootay
If you see me longingly looking at you at the pub, i'm just wondering if you're going to eat all those nachos? The thing about boats... If we don't bow, everyone gets stern.
Why didn't Lebron go to college? he didn't want to show up for the finals Urban Outfitters: the most expensive way to look poor.
Father Christmas: What's your favourite Christmas story? Elf: The one about the ghost that steals porridge! Father Christmas: You mean 'Ghoul-di-locks'! Miss Universe pageant will be awesome when the sluts from other planets finally decide to show up.
Why was Jeffrey Dahmer so healthy? Because he ate five fruits a day! Bet I could breathe more air than you, bro
Apple Computer is taking steps to protect user privacy. Their new policy is iWon't tell...iPromise My uncle performed circumcisions... He kept all the foreskin and had a tailor make it into a wallet. Rub it for 5 minutes and you get a briefcase.
[First day of dropping kids off at school] *Hugs and crying* [2nd day] "Get out!" I do not need to have a threesome... ... if I want to disappoint two people at once, I go to dinner with my parents.
Hoot: How the hell can ya be so stupid?  Jessie: Well it ain't somethin' yew can pick up overnight. Now that the Olympics are over, Michael Phelps can finally be released back to his natural habitat; the couch with a bong.
What did the first ape that could walk say to all the other apes? I'm walkin' here! Did you hear that the North American Man/Boy Love Association go a new tech support guy? He's an e-NAMBLA.
My buddy plays golf like a man masturbating in a cold shower No matter how he strokes it's just not going to happen What did the cold pipe say to the to hot pipe? Nothing,pipes can't talk. Thank you
Just bought a thesaurus at the store and brought it home to find out the pages are all blank.... I have no words right now to describe how angry I am. New TomTom voice over I got a new TomTom and changed his voice to Chewbacca. Left is BRRRRRRRRRRR and right is BRRRRRRRRRRR And when I'm at my distination : i still dont know
What did the husband tell his wife to do after he slapped her? The same thing he told her the first time! My friend showed me a black computer he wanted to buy... I said "Dont you mean an African American computer?" and he replied "Stop being so PC"
Why did Germany run out of gas? Because they gave it to the Jews I'll be in Argentina for awhile. I like my women like I like my M.C. Escher paintings Impossibly proportioned
A man goes on reddit to read some jokes Only to find out that the same jokes keep appearing on every page! Whats the difference between a BMW and a porcupine? On the porcupine, the pricks are on the outside.
Here's a joke for ya. A dyslexic man walks in to a bra. My friend got drunk and thinks he had sex with a prostitute... At first he wasn't sure, but then he was *positive*.
My boyfriend said we could only get one cat. So I'm only getting one cat. One pregnant cat. What's a pirate's favorite letter? You might think it's R but his first love will always be the C.
When the atm charges you 3.50 to take out your own money but tells you to cover your pin so you don't get robbed I work in a popular hotel... I see people come in to stay from all over the world, yet for some reason I've never seen a Native American here. I guess they just don't like to make reservations.
Will Will Smith Smith? Yes... Will Smith will smith A mother called the police on her 6 month old baby for not taking a nap. He was resisting a rest.
What did the Indian man name his sandwich shop? New Delhi :D What do you call a group of Japanese people running up a hill? Tsunami Warning
It turns out if you cry at the DMV they'll let you take a second photo Dodged the bullet A girl asked me today if she is wearing too much make-up. I told her my reply depends on whether or not she intends to kill Batman.
Typos... that's just how I role. For a very short period of time, you were the youngest person in the world. #mindblowing
Two people who really hate each other can suddenly really like each other if they can find someone else they can both really hate together. What kind of pizzas can tell the future? Medium Pizzas
Why was Stalin literally worse than Hitler? Because Hitler at least wrote his own books Whenever I put on my Ocean Pacific (op) pants I feel I must say something meaningful.
Listen up: I wear the pants in this family. They're a lovely taffeta with a subtle flare to draw attention to my lace-up sandals. If looks could kill, I'd still use a baseball bat.
I wonder who Rose is going to kill in Titanic II. If you want to relate to how old people probably feel just imagine that a bowl of soup cost $40 and everybody else acted like that was fine.
What's the most popular pub in the Middle East? The Allahu ak-Bar Two Scotsmen walk past a baker One turns to the other and says 'Is that a cake or a meringue?' The other replies 'no you're right, it's a cake'
My girlfriend told me that it was either her or my Meatloaf discography. I told her I would do anything for love, but I can't do that. What's the difference between a normal pirate and a sexy pirate? The type of booty they plunder.
What do you call tea made by a stoned marsupial? High koala tea Doctor: *taps knee with mallet* feel that? Me: No Doctor: or this? *jabs toe with a pin* Me: Nah Doctor: Just as I suspected. This is my leg
What do Caitlyn Jenner and WWII have in common? The Battle of the Bulge. All women are crazy but if you pretend to listen to them when they talk, they will let you live.
What do pigs do on nice afternoons? They go on pignics. Why is Forrest Gump as a young boy without his leg braces like a Samurai without a master? Because everywhere he went, he was Ronin! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I'll see myself out...
Why does Vincent van Gogh always look forward to thenew year? Because everyone wishes him a new ear. what did the kiwi statue said to the other kiwi statue? statue bro?
I'll put a comma, after a comma, even if it doesn't need a comma, to completely, drive you, insane. turkey went out of the frying pan and into the fire only for Putin to put them in the oven
Q: Why doesn't Saddam go out drinking? A: Why should he when he can get bombed at home? Why did the sperm cross the road? I put on the wrong sock this morning :(
I read in the local paper someone was going around pickpocketing midgets. I never thought someone could stoop so low. How many teenagers does it take to screw in a light bulb? Whatever.
For computer geeks. Less isn't more, less is more. If I have 5 apples and Jamal take 3, what color is Jamal? Admit it, you're a fucking racist!
The angry moment when you plug your charger into your phone but you realize hours later your charger wasn't plugged in. Tried to take a photograph of some fog Mist
What do you call a rich South American? A Brazilianaire! If you don't pay your exorcist You get repossessed
If I had to choose one word that encapsulates me, I'd say skin. Sex Joke So an egg walked up to a sperm and said, "You cum here often."
What do you say to a pregnant woman who wants to force her child to become a Rabbi? When is the baby Jew? How long do you think it will take for gays to find out? That a gay marriage is as much an oxymoron as a gay funeral?
I'm 72 minutes in trying to reverse whatever my 3 y/o nephew did in one second to the TV remote. Football is like Sex your mom sucks at both
I called my Colectomy surgeon's office... To check on my appointment. A man with a Russian accent answered the phone saying, "Thank you for colon." Patron: How come this fly is swimming in my soup? Waiter: I gave you too much. It should be wading.
It's 2011 and we're not driving dragons? The future sickens me. What do you call a black guy who flies a plane? a PILOT, you fucking racist!
[2 Years into Cosmetology School] Me:[applying perfect contours] When are we gonna start learning about space? Single and divorced men in their 40's prefer women at their own maturity level. That explains why they date women half their age.
The Golden Globes is how everyone else on twitter gets revenge on sports fans. CNN got really excited about the #TransAsia plane until they found out it's not missing so now they don't care.
me: remember how i was talking about getting a xylophone [doctor holds up my x-ray] where the hell are your ribs? me: im trying to tell you I see dead people. No wait, I take that back. I see people I want dead.
My friend told me that each person creates 10 tons of CO2 a year, and said I should be taking steps to bring that number down so I shot a guy. One woodworm met another. "How's life?" she  asked. "Oh same as usual" he replied "boring."
What's the difference between little girls and wine? Wine gets better as it gets older Some days I want to leave everything and just run away with him. Other days I want to own 3 baby dragons and be fireproof and naked.
Anyone remember the joke about the dwarf? Can't think right now, should be easy to remember, it was only a short one. I saw a chameleon today. I guess it was a pretty crappy chameleon.
What does a mathematician get from a day at the beach? Tan lines. What's that thing called when your crush likes you back? Oh yeah. Imagination.
I overheard my daughter asking the little boy next door, "Are you the opposite sex, or am I." What cars do wolves drive? Auuuuuuuuuuuuudis!
What do you call a group of obese gender reassigned persons? Trans fats. What to toilet paper and the starship enterprise have in common? They both circle Uranus looking for Klingons
Why don't the french like kiwifruit? Because of the green piece inside. The soul weighs 21 grams. We know this because the Jurassic World film reels are 21 grams lighter than Jurassic Park
Did you know that the idea of recycling actually came about from a group of pirates? They came up with the idea of the four R's. South Africa
"i'll be back" --arnold schwarzenegger getting into a 2-man horse costume If the lever on your toaster breaks off and your bread starts burning, can you pry it out with a butter knife? The answer may shock you.
Show me a man who calls himself a vegan and I'll show you a man who's trying to sleep with a vegan. [commercial] [man comes home after long day, opens front door and is attacked by 8 cats] MAN: There has to be a better way! Narrator: DOGS
Dear movies, We'll never be upset to the point of throwing expensive jewelry at the bottom of the ocean. Never. Sincerely, Women What's the alien version of Facebook? Spacebook. (It's a terrible joke I know).
Why do female skydivers wear tampons? So they don't whistle on the way down. 4 out of 5 dentists agree: kill a lion.
I now feel I've watched enough reruns of The Shawshank Redemption on basic cable that I'll be able to successfully make it in prison. Why are dogs bad at dancing? They have two left feet
Asiana Airlines will be filing a lawsuit against KTVU for its inappropriate and racist names that were falsely broadcasted mid day Friday 7/12... ....said Asiana's attorney Wi Su Yu There are few things more awkward on a blind date than looking up from your phone to realise she's left. She obviously wasn't blind at all.
What do you call a black widow trapped in a bowl of noodles? Natasha Ramenoff What do you call rude fungi? Shiit-talking mushrooms
What's Harry Potter's favorite way to go down a hill? Walking...JK, Rolling! I don't know what disturbs me more about my attraction towards my girlfriends mother. The fact that she's 51 or the fact that she's also my mother.
What has 3 thumbs and was born near a nuclear power plant? This guy Today is National Pasta Day I have a friend that would have loved today, but sadly she's pastaway
LMAOSHMSFOAIDMT = Laughing my ass off so hard my sombrero fell off and I dropped my taco. Difference Between Good Girls And Bad Girls Good Girls Open Few Buttons In Hot Atmosphere, But Bad Girls Open All Buttons To Make The Atmosphere Hot.
Has anyone seen my sex doll? Of course I checked the tree house. Oh wait, it's here on the front lawn, still in your wedding dress LOL I ate the last piece of flan that my wife and I have been fighting over I won the custardy battle.
Exec 1: So, you wait in long lines. No shade. Crying kids. Drinks cost $7.00. Exec 2: Nice. What do we call it? E1: Lol, "amusement park." My entire day will be spent laughing at my children because they have to go back to school tomorrow..
In a furious argument, the wife tells her husband... - I should have married the devil instead of you! - Well, that's impossible. Marriage between cousins is forbidden! I think my wife has a habit of walking in her sleep Every morning I find her sleeping in someone else's bed.
Why did the chicken cross the park? To get to the other slide... What is worse than biting through an apple, and finding a worm inside? ~~Rape~~ The picky fuckers on this website.
Jokes about unemployed people aren't funny they just don't work. I couldn't afford to take my kids to Sea World. So I took them to our local fish market, saying, "Shhhh... they're all asleep."
How do generals show their gratitude to their troops? They give tanks. [first date] Me: *don't let him know you're the Mona Lisa* Him: You look nice tonight Me: *smiles ambiguously*
"If you don't let the Jews go, I will find you. I will kill you." Liam Neeson returns in... TAKEN 3: SCHINDLER'S PISSED (Summer 2015) Dear Lord, Thank you for these noodles I'm about to eat and the good deal I got buying them in bulk at Costco. RA-MEN!
When people say "I'm not getting any younger!" I wonder what other basic life concepts they just learned. What did the tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing, they were both stuck up bitches.
What's your favorite medical joke? I've memorized a lot of jokes from a previous "doctor joke" thread, and need some fresh material! Did you hear the one about the perfume store? I heard their manufacturing was in an ol' factory.
Does the employee manual say I CAN'T set up my camping tent inside my cubicle? No? Then please step outside & zip the door up behind you. Why do melons have traditional marriages? Because they cantaloupe
Anybody ever get paid to smuggle drugs in their butt? ... Cause it sounds like a dope ass job. I was going to major in cosmetology.. ..but then they shut down the space program.. idiots.
Figured out how to make my dick 1mm Fold it in half I cant get on Tumblr anymore... My doctor told me to cut down on Trans-Fats
How do you tell the difference between an East Indian Chef and a porn star? Ask them to pronounce the word cumin. What does Mr. Miyagi do when he gets home from a date? He wax off
Why would Donald Trump want to lose the election? Winning means he'd need to live in a smaller house in a black neighborhood Apple CEO announces he's gay. Samsung CEO announces he's more gay and water resistant.
What's the difference between a Trump voter and a polar bear? One is a fat, white, mindless killing machine with no conscience or future, and the other is a bear. So I asked this swiss dude to tell me something good about living in Switzerland. "Well" he said "the flag is a big plus!"
My doctor told me if I was 5" taller I'd be at the ideal weight, so I'm going to try and give that a shot. Simon: I wrote a song Garfunkel: *reads lyrics* Garfunkel: "I am a rock. I am an island" dude I'm like right here. I thought we were friends
So I bought a nihilistic pencil It's pointless. What game do two strangers with Social Anxiety play? Don't Break the Ice
Why do humans mainly use the decimal number system? It's just what we tend to do Why did the English majors switch to Spanish? (OC) Too many persuasive esses.
It's ironic that most people don't understand irony This year for Christmas.. This year for Christmas I got a new shirt and piece of ass from my wife. Figures, they were both too big!!
What do you get when eating toast in bed? Un-crumb-fortable What's the Boogeyman's part-time job? BoogeyNAN!
If you add 'ish' on the end of the time, you're not really late. reckon the clouds look down and say, ''look! that one is shaped like an idiot?''
Why does OSHA hate porn? It's nsfw What is the longest word in the feminist dictionary? Antidickstablishmentarianism.
Why are teenage girls so odd? Because they can't even. The best part of the birthday notifier on Facebook is, I meet people that I didn't even know were on my friends list.
the average Russian day When you ask a Russian how his day is going. "It is an average day today: not as good as yesterday, but better than tomorrow." Why did the little Dutch boy have to register as a sex offender? He kept on sticking his finger in a tyke.
I wish I had the confidence in humanity that Guinness had when they bought a 9,000 year lease. After my surgery, the doctor told me I have to pee sitting down. He told me not to lift anything that weighs more than 10 pounds.
How do you stop a baby from crawling in a circle? Nail it's other hand to the floor. My condolences for you and your family through this difficult transition is why my wife won't let me send back wedding RSVP cards.
Daughter announced there will be rain for Thanksgiving. We usually have turkey but with her cooking skills rain will taste better. Racism is a subjective matter there are no black and white solutions
Museum Administrator: That's a 500-year-old statue you've broken!! Sardar: Thank God! I thought it was a new one! "Only a good guy with a forest fire can prevent forest fires" - Smokey the NRA Bear
Ever wonder why tiny little paper cuts hurt so bad? Cause you're a pussy A man walks into a bar... He asks the barman "do you serve women here?" The barman replies "no, sorry, you'll have to bring your own."
"Why does that guy always get all the women?" "I don't know...he isn't very handsome or rich" "And he's a terrible conversationalist - all he does is sit there licking his eyebrows" What do you call a powerful, asshole-ish potato? A dick-tater.
My cat jumped off me unexpectedly, so I get it, Europe. I get it. I said to my dyslexic mate, "Guess which band has split up?" He said, "Erm..."
What does an air conditioner have in common with a computer? They both lose efficiency as soon as you open windows. Cleaning out the garage, I found some things I didn't even realize I had. Like a tent, a new printer, and a fourth kid.
The American healthcare system . My penis is so polite..... .....it stands up to give ladies a place to sit down.
Helen Keller walks into a bar... ... then a chair and then a table. If Frieza is King Cold's son... Does that make him a little Cold?
What's the generic name for Viagra? Mycoxafloppin. Strip club[OC] So I'm at the strip club and this huge breasted woman comes up to me and slaps me silly with her left titty. Guy sitting next to me says,"bet that's gonna leave a lasting mammary."
Whats the hardest part about roller skating Telling your parents you are gay Did you hear the one about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac? He stays up all night wondering if dog exists.
One month of nofap here i pun! *Cum Don't cut out part of your day to throw out clocks! It's a waste of time!
What is a Mexican's favorite bookstore? Borders I witnessed a murder today.. then I realized it was just a group of crows.
I had a converstation with my employer, who recently purchased a new car, today. I said, "nice car!", he replied, "I'm sure you said that yesterday...". What's white and drips from the cloud? The coming of the Lord.
What should you do if you see your ex-husband rolling around in pain on the ground? Shoot him again. BUSINESS IDEA: CinnaBon-Iver. Delicious pastries filled with scarf scraps and broken pieces of wind chimes.
I have an old resolution 640x480 What do sea monsters eat for lunch? Fish and ships.
Wanna hear a joke about sodium? Na My girlfriend told me that having a good sense of humour is really important I told her to message the mods at /r/Jokes
Heard of the man who banged an ATM? He came into a lot of money Start with the answer. What's an easy way to ruin a good joke?
Starbucks and Hooters should merge. Can you imagine ordering a Double D Latte? Everything you need in a cup or two. My life would be a lot easier if when shopping online there was a "Sort by least ugly" option.
Alcohol is like liquid Photoshop for real life. My girlfriend called me a pedophile. I said, "Wow, that's a pretty big word for a eight year old."
I rode a taxi It was fake Even the best men in the Chinese military Have chinks in their armor
I'm more likely to wear a donut on my wrist than any fitness tracker. What do you call a dumb nerd? A geek.
"Daddy, are vampires real?" "No, sweetie. Go back to bed." *waits until daughter is asleep* *grabs red Sharpie* *draws 2 dots on her neck* Confession: I'm the one who's been posting all those idiotic comments on youtube using millions of anonymous accounts.
Like a flat tire.......how I'm rolling this morning. Why aren't any atheists buying a PS4 Pro? They don't believe in higher power.
I never date girls from china... That's a big red flag. [mouse plane] mouse pilot: hello folks, this is your captain squeaking- *mouse passengers squeal with delight*
When I see 18 wheelers carrying something covered with a tarp, I just assume that it's an injured Transformer. Whats the number one reason for Pedophilia? Sexy children.
Everytime I pull a prank on Niagara She falls for it If a white person eats a dessert and no one is around to Instagram it, did it even happen?
What do kazoos and my father have in common? They were both around for a short time in the '90s only to be unheard of from then on. Why does Michael J. Fox make the best milkshakes? Because he uses the finest ingredients, *asshole*.
I ordered a chicken and egg from Amazon. I'll let you know. HOT SINGLES NEAR YOU BURNING SINGLES NEAR YOU 1ST DEGREE BURNED SINGLES NEAR YOU DEAD SINGLES NEAR YOU WHY DIDN'T YOU HELP
I'd tell you the joke about the pirate But I don't think its arrrrrrpropriate. Waiter is there soup on the menu ? No madam I wiped it off !
What's a russian's favorite golf club? A putin wedge. Please don't put a coin on my mouth when I die; I plan to wander the shores of the River Styx for 100 years & finally get that bikini body.
My dad was fired from his job in road work for theft... I didn't believe it at first. But when I got home, all the signs were there. You know you're too drunk to drive when... The tree you swerved for is actually the air-freshener.
Rudolph is the only reindeer who doesn't have a stripper name. Why are the labia on Japanese women oriented sideways instead of vertically? Goes better with their eyes.
I've been out of work for so long that I've almost forgotten how to hate people. When your 3yo spits a chewed up wad of cheese into your hand and you're like "where did you find this, I didn't give you any cheese today?"
Have you been to /r/brucejennerspenis? I heard it was removed. I See your 7 year old jokes and I raise my own, What do you get when you cross the ocean with a Train Station? A Whale Way
HR: Know why we called you down? Me: Hmm...a raise? HR: You know we monitor internet usage right? Me: I'd like to report a hacking! Why was the band late to their gig? Because the drummer locked himself in the car with the keys.
Why don't Jews eat pussy? It's too close to the gas chamber After a dream I had last night, credits rolled. I had no idea so many people worked on those things.
A young boy died after having sex with his teacher... His friends high fived him to death. Zak galifinakorishdjignko Cop: "Can you describe the person who robbed you?" Me: "He had on a black shirt and hat with a green apron and charged me $6 for coffee"
I thought time away from my phone would be good, but then I thought of a tweet & had to write it on a Post-it note like some fucking savage. A guy walked up to my bar. He said, "Can I have a stiff drink?" "Of course," I replied, cracking some Viagra pills into his whiskey.
What's black and doesn't work? A broken TV.............. racist. The new fun way to tell if a celebrity is crazy is by how many times they delete and reactivate their Twitter account.
What does marriage have in common with a deck of cards? In the beginning, you only need two hearts and a diamond. Later on, a club and a spade. remember: knives and alcohol don't mix. knives are solid they don't mix with anything. why where you trying to drink a knife anyways idiot
What's the cheapest form of birth control? Casey Anthony Tourist in America I was going to take my wife to visit all the sites where they protested the police shooting of innocent black men. But i've only got 6 months...plus community service.
Taco Bell doesn't have a playground because its hard to have fun when you might shit your pants Why do felines always win board games? Because they are cheetahs.
Did you hear about that guy who got the entire left side of his body cut off? Yeah but he is all right now Q: Why couldn't the blonde write the number ELEVEN? A: Because she didn't know which one came first!
DON'T TOUCH ME! AND YOU'RE BREATHING WRONG! STOP IT! -wives, on their period Or if they're hungry. Or if you are actually breathing wrong. What did the sardine call the submarine ?  A can of people !
Load your plate up high, then take it to the kitchen, toss it all in the blender, and take your "shake" back to the table. Announce that it's the new Thanksgiving Weight Loss Shake We could hit every terrorist on the Most Wanted List tomorrow, if we turned it over to Google's ad department.
Camping as a couple is stressful... ...it's two in tents. A Jewish girl.. ..asks her father, "Dad? Can I have 50 dollars?" he says, "40 dollars? What do you need 30 dollars for?"
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb? YOU WOULDN'T KNOW!!! YOU WEREN'T THERE! Why does 71 like 68? Because 68 69 70.
It's all fun and games until HR sends an email with "Your Twitter Account" in the subject line. It must be Monday somewhere.
my 10 year high school reunion is in August which means I have 2 months to lose 40 pounds and get engaged to Michael Cera Getting married at 22 sounds a lot like leaving a party at 9:30pm.
I love how girls say that they like a guy with a sense of humour and yet you'll never find a poster of Mr Bean on their wall. We're all born with scars. from the moment we open our eyes and look at the world we are wounded, we all share that same mark... Bellybuttons.
Does anyone have the address for starving kids in Africa? Our daughter doesn't want her waffle fries. How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb... It's quite an obscure number you probably would not have heard of it.
Bakers trade bread recipes... on a knead-to-know basis. The world is becoming too politically correct You can't even say black paint anymore, instead you have to say "Lamar can you please paint the fence".
[court] ME: Between 10 & 11 p.m. I was having sex JUDGE: Who are you? You're not even in this trial M: I know, I just want it on record *pulls out earbud* What? "We need to talk." *pulls out earbud* "You've been spending too much time at Chernobyl." *pulls out earbud* No way
What do you call someone who pretends to work in a victorias secret? A panty-mime Barbie comes with GI Joe She only fakes it with Ken. Saw plenty of pregnant Barbie jokes in this sub-reddit, but not this one.
[HR office] HR: you know why you're here, right? Me: HR: you can't "contract" Down's Syndrome & you can't call in sick with it The economy is doing really bad... Its so bad that when Bill and Hillary Clinton travel, they have to share a room.
Closed letter to the mods of r/Jokes... O What's the smartest animal on the farm? The farmer (this killed my 12yo brothers)
My Grandma said I have the voice for the radio... And the face for it too. Why don't north Koreans listen to funk? Cos they've got no Seoul! Thank you very much.
My tombstone will just say "Deactivated." I want people to be afraid that I could come back. *LIGHTHOUSE* BATMAN - You call? L/HOUSE KEEPER - Shit, not again man. I am so sorry. BATMAN - Dead seagull on the light? LK -*Nods*
Toad was always my favorite Mario character He just seems like a fungi. I don't care if you don't like space puns. I like space puns. Comet me bro.
I was once slapped in the face by a girl with twelve nipples... (.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.)(.) Sounds weird, dozen tit? What did one deer say to the other after leaving the bar? I can't believe you just blew 50 bucks in there
My boss asked me to pick him something cheap up to eat for lunch he wasn't too happy when I came back with his daughter. Tom Cruise Jokes, Anyone?
Why does it suck to work for the NSA during the winter? Because if it snows, you can't call and say you're snowed in. What do you call a nun sleep walking? A roamin' Catholic
[First Date] Me: "I'm sorry. It's just that I've been burned before." *Stuffs handful of fries through visor in hazmat suit *Closes visor How do mathematicians count x-men? Permutations.
What do you call a Mexican knockoff burger restaurant? Carlos Jr. My necrophiliac girlfriend told me I was dead to her. That is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.
How many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb? I don't know probably more than eight, my basement is still dark. How many egoists does it take to change a lightbulb? One. They simply hold the bulb and wait for the world to revolve around them.
There are now 4 sides to every story. Yours, mine, the truth & the Internets version. I'm Winston Wolf, I fix problems. So I hear you're having a bad hair day.
You were probably conceived at home... they say most accidents happen around the household. What's the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? [NSFW] I wouldn't pay five hundred dollars to have a lentil on my face.
Romantic comedies are just horror movies where people only die on the inside. Also, my wife doesn't let me pick movies for date night. Monday Morning......Rolling out of bed is easy. Getting up off  the floor is another story.
KNOCK KNOCK... Who's there? Kicks! Kicks who? Kicks Ronda Rousey for the Knock out! What the hell is Minecraft? Hitler's lesser known, second, book about his love of knitting.
What do you give an actor playing the role of an angry street gang member? Mad props... Why don't women need a watch? There's a clock on the stove.
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with another plane. At least they know where this one is. My girlfriend is half my size but takes up three quarters of the bed. If my math is correct, she's a bitch
What do you call a homosexual man on roller skates? Rolaids. I like my women like I like my microwaves... Cold on the outside, warm on the inside, and willing and able to kill any baby I put inside them.
We gave our children old-fashioned names... Our little boy is Hunter and our little girl is Gatherer. - Brian Kiley What did Kurt Kobain have such a terrible time in 7th grade? He was having a mid-life crisis.
All my life, I never thought I'd wake up at 6am to go jogging...and I was right. 8: Daddy can we go to a haunted house tonight? Me: You spent the night at Grandmas last week. 8: What? Me: Nothing. 8: I'm telling mom.
I went to the barbers today. My wife sent me a text that said we had a pipe leaking. I told the barber we're going to have to cut this short. I walked out with a buzz cut. What do you call a dog that is a magician? A Labara Cadabarador
So I told my wife I ate a bunch of pineapple today ;-) But then as I came in her mouth, I said "oh yeah, and a bunch of bacon too" What do you get when you mix triangles with Tumblr? Trigger-Nometry
how do you know when your sister is on her period? your dads cock tastes like blood. What has two eyes but can't see, two wings but can't fly, and two legs but can't walk? A dead bird.
My favorite palindromes I've come across are tit and boob. What did one snowman say to the other snowman? I smell carrots too.
I was searching for the end of the line. I tap a guy on the shoulder and ask, "excuse me sir, are you the last person in line?" Dude turns around, looks at me funny and goes, "no, you are." Oh, you want me to watch everything you have in less than the one-month free trial period? Challenge accepted, Netflix.
ME:[defending myself] Oh yeah?? Well I got 5 words for you buddy: please be nice to me I think my professor might not know my name. He keeps on correcting it with the word "Late" on all my papers.
Don't vaccinate your children! Let a trained medical professional do it! Cutest thing I saw today was the dad angrily slamming the sliding door of his minivan but it slowed down by itself and latched silently
Why haven't they installed a mirror on cars that only covers your blind spot? I don't have a gf, but I do know a woman who in the car often asks where this is going so I show her the GPS & she gets mad for some reason.
Good morning class, science is our lesson for today. Teacher: What is science? Student: Me Ma'am! Me! Teacher: Ok Pedro! What is science? Student: science is our Lesson for today. it is hard to b scared of a angry person once u realize that they just wanted to tie a knot but insted of using string they used their arms
Bruno Mars is the best levitating vegetable magician I've ever seen. He can do 24 Carrot Magic in the Air What sound does a Chinese roller coaster make as it goes up an incline? chink chink chink chink
In America, someone is shot every 15 seconds. How is that person still alive? *Sneaks into men's toilets* I HEAR THERE'S CAKE IN HERE
Celebrities are so rich because they save money every time they attend a movie premiere for free. A teacher walks into a bar Guy: can I buy you a drink? Teacher: I don't know, CAN you?
Why do white girls always travel in odd numbers? They can't even When a cop pulls you over for a DUI at 2am on Friday night & tells you to walk the line-it's never good to start singing Johnny Cash songs.
Why are cars in Russia so slow? Because they are always stalin. A Latino shot an unarmed black man today, and everyone is in an uproar Especially the police, saying "They took our jobs!"
Q: What do modern artists eat for breakfast? A: Surreal. [interview] Your resume says you have a "take no prisoners attitude". You know you are applying to be a corrections officer, right?
I like my slaves like I like my coffee Strong and black What do you call a handful of gravel A palm-o-granite!
I like my hookers like I like my treasure... Buried. Spider: Why don't you like us? Most us are harmless and we kill all the bugs in your house? We just want to help Humans: EW EW EW EW OMG
[First Date] ME: I prepared some questions to get to know you HER: Ok! ME: What's the capital of Honduras? HER: um... ME:[writing] bad at geo- A barbed-wire tattoo on my arm keeps my arm horses from running away
I gave my wife my email address but she keeps on speaking directly to me. Let's make fake tan orange people an official race so we can discriminate against them properly.
A short joke for mobile users [.](http://i.imgur.com/7g4htym.jpg) Why is there an eject button on the DVD remote? I still have to get up and take the disc out. It's like having a remote to open the fridge.
Half of Chinese men have cataracts... The other half drive Lincolns. Why was the cat afraid of the tree? Because of the tree bark.
A jumper cable walks into a bar... The bartender says, "I'll serve you, but you better not start anything!" Have you seen www.quasimodo.com? I'm not sure but certainly rings a bell.
Why would Ellen Pao not do her own AMA? General Pao's chicken. If I win this lottery I'd give half to charity She treated me well at the strip club
What's Mike Tyson's favorite Scarlett Johansson film? Luthy. I invented a SJW alarm clock. It not only tells you the time, it reminds you what year it is, too.
I like my women the way I like my coffee in a basket being touched by many Colombian men. A Zach Galifinakis-style "impression" joke. The character I'm working on is: MOMENTARILY CONFUSED BATMAN &lt;husky voice&gt;: Alfred... &lt;regular voice&gt;: Ahem... I mean hey Alfred
Take a chill pill? I had a friend overdose on chill pills you insensitive prick! What's the difference between acetone and Hitler? One is used to remove the polish, and the other is used to remove the Polish.
The internet is amazing in its ability to speed up communication, for instance it used to take years to realize you hated your friends. If two pharaohs farted at the same time They would have a toot in common
My clearest memory of high school is my friend asking me if I brought gym clothes and me asking, "Who the fuck is Jim?" How did the sad clown smile and laugh again? They told him his wife died recently.
Do you know why Cannibals don't eat divorced women? Because they're bitter. Two cookies were walking across the road... ... one gets hit by a car, the other one says "ah crumbs..."
What is Reagan's favorite vegetable? Jim Brady What's the definition of a will? Come on guys it's a dead giveaway
I learned most of what I know about dropping pianos on people from cartoons. What is the dumbest animal? An ignoraMOOSE
What do you call a girl that raps about women rights? Feminem. A woman in her seventies overhearing that I was a tattoo artist asked if I wanted to see her "rat" tattoo. I said sure. She revealed a bare hip and said "Oh, I guess my pussy must have ate it"
what do you call it when you donate a vagina to charity? good will cunting Don't let them fool you. Squirrels are just rats dressed in Armani.
ARUGULA is my favorite vegetable whose name sounds like a car horn from the 50's. I'm in a band called Missing Cat. You've probably seen our posters.
The person you're eating with can't wait for you to go to the bathroom so they can check their phone. That one. "that one." says a booy. "what do you mean?" says another boy. "oh, i was just answering your question." "what question?" "i already told you."
Q: What does an apple and an apple tree have in common? A: They both don't drive tractors. Are they "haters" or just "people who noticed that you're a dick"? Check again.
Where were the first French fries made? ...in grease What happens when you throw one banana to two hungry Apes? A banana split!
If you're a guy who just had sex, what do you have? Happenis Need jokes with the same punchline as this. Help! What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick.
Your pants are so tight... ...you can't even get a leg up on the situation! A grasshopper sits at the bar... ...and the bartender says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper says, "You have a drink named Steve?"
What do performing bears at the circus get for lunch? 30 minutes. Found out the difference between onions and men. I don't cry when I'm chopping up men.
What did the Chemist have with his Eggs? Barium, Cobalt and Nitrogen. You wanna hear a dirty joke A horse fell in the mud. And then some crazy lesbian who hates horses put on a strap on and fucked it till it died.
Knock Knock... Energizer Bunny arrested: Charged with battery
When it comes to gun control, the first thing that should be banned are tee shirt cannons. People tell me that I'm condescending That means I talk down to people
[Spelling Bee] Your word is palindrome "Can you use it in a sentence?" Go hang a salami I'm a lasagna hog. I went to a fancy dress party as a calendar A guy came up to me and said "Your days are numbered"
Egg puns... ...are cracking! The Unabomber What do the Unabomber and a girl from Alabama have in common? They were both fingered by their brother.
I like my women like I like my coffee. I look at coffee but I am afraid to talk to it Why did the emo kid leave the bar? It was happy hour.
How many Redditors does it take to tell a joke? Two. One to think of it, and another to repost it a day later. Customer care: Your call is important to us, please hold on. Customer: *completes graduation* *gets a job* *gets married* *gets old* *dies*
A motorist was pulled over by a traffic cop. "Excuse me, sir," said the cop. "Do you realize your wife fell out of the car two miles back?" "Thank God," he said. "I thought I'd gone deaf!" "i want to love you, but i have crust issues." -pizza on a date i dont know i hate myself
I wonder what made the first person that ate an oyster look at it and think 'Im gonna eat that.' I took my family out to an authentic Vietnamese place. My wife and I had pho. The kids sewed Nikes for 14 hours and were beaten. Great pho.
On the other hand, You have five fingers. We all have that funny voice we use when talking to dogs, babies... and idiots!
What's the best part about having a blind partner? You know they won't be seeing other people. Hide a Body? What's the best place to hide a body? Page two of Google.
Black ice is just like regular ice... Except it's a better dancer... Just found all my fan letters to Wolverine my wife "promised" she mailed stuffed behind the couch. I'm livid.
[Interview] CEO: Why do you think you'd be a good fit at our firm? GUY WHOSE DESCRIPTION IS SO LONG HE DOESN'T ACTUALLY GET TO SAY ANYTHING: A man got arrested for assaulting someone with a defibrillator. The victim said that he was gonna press charges.
Overheard at work: "that is music to my ears". Where else would the music go smartypants? How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles
What's the difference between a crab with a boob job and a dirty bus station? One's a busty crustacean and the other's a crusty bus station. Me: Take this My Uber passenger: *holds gun in blood soaked car* WTF JUS HAPPENED? Me: You tell me "Mr Finger prints on a murder weapon"
Actually, there are but two types of people Those who can extrapolate from limited data ... Tater Tots is a much better name than the original Crispy Potato Embryos.
I hate meeting new people. It's like sitting through a fucking job interview to apply for the position of "acquaintance." I can't believe that those two are still together after all that shit...
I'm told that if you eat pineapple or carrots in excess, your come will taste like that food... Is this why my Japanese girlfriend's pussy tastes like raw fish? Have you ever smelled moth balls? Yes? How'd you get their little legs apart? (Courtesy of my dad. Who laughed about this for 30 minutes.)
my phone keeps capitalizing my lols like i'm some kind of suburban mom with highlights and bedazzled jeans. I have a joke about couches But it's sofa-cking terrible. You don't want to hear it.
Did you hear about the clever nun who got tricked? She was nun the wiser What's the deal with Drake, first he was an actor now a rapper? Must have been all degrassi was smoking. I'll let myself out.
Google introduced a new smartphone alarm that can wake users up on the subway so they don't miss their stop. As opposed to the alarm they use now: getting elbowed by the stranger they're drooling on. After 10 missed calls in a row, I'm tempted to answer the phone just so I can find out who wants to be murdered.
Do you raise chickens? Because you raise my cock. My friend peed on the floor so he can come into my room. I looked over at him and told him "You're in"
Q: Why did the bowlegged cowboy get fired?  A: Because he couldn't keep his calves together! Why couldn't the boy keep his documents open when he left a window open in winter? Because it was too Win+D
A priest, a pedophile, and a rapist walks into a bar He orders a beer Say what you want about pedophiles At least they go the speed limit in school zones..
What do you call a person who makes a clever point during a discussion at another's expense? A Douche Who was the greatest prostitute in history? Ms. Pacman, for 25 cents that b*tch swallowed balls till she died
Jesus and floppy discs are very similar They both died to become the image of saving I get my hair cut twice a week. Mostly because I love capes.
What did the blue denims say to the black denims? I guess we have different genes! *knee slap* ... I'll see myself to the door Why did the milking stool only have three legs? Because the cow has the udder
If you loiter in a Tibetan spiritual leaders sandwich shop every day, then you dilly dally in the Dalai's deli daily. "And now it's time for Guess How Many Belly Rubs I Want! Remember, contestants, guess wrong and you get the claws!" - Cat game shows
How do you make a baby boy cry twice? Make him suck your bloody dick. When accused by a woman a man's first instinct is to deny. We're not lying, we're just buying time to remember what you're talking about...
What does a cobra say to his friends after he kills a mongoose? "I wasn't scared at all. Without you, I wouldn't even know what a quiver is." POLICE: Sir, do you know how fast you were going? ME: Jealous much?
Q: What time do kids need naps? A: At whine o'clock. I'm not saying your mom is fat but she'd be worth a lot more in the UK
The rain is starting to worry me. I'm afraid that because I have a beard that my friends will expect me to build an ark. one time I stuck my hand in a jar of jelly beans and when I took it out all the black one stole my rings and watch
Why can't ears have sex? They could get hearing AIDS! Did you hear about the agnostic dyslexic? He wanders through life wondering if there is a dog
Almost all of the guys I drafted for my fantasy football team are football players which I think was a smart move What do you call a 13 year old girl from Kentucky who can run faster than her six brothers? A virgin
I'd always wondered why they didn't make pencils with erasers on either side Then I realised there wouldn't be any point. When you play Monopoly with Chuck Norris, you do not pass go, and you do not collect two hundred dollars. You will be lucky if you make it out alive.
It feels like every time I look at the time it's 9:11 I hope this doesn't get me on a watch list. This generation sucks but does it swallow
Why kill time when you can make it work for you? What type of train gets fat? A chew chew train...
"Will you spend the rest of my life with me?" "That depends. When are you going to die?" What do dyslexic Koreans eat? Gods
What Does A Chinese Man Need When Taking his Dog Out? Oven mitts. Good thing girls started uploading pictures next to a pool with the caption "Summer is finally here!" or we wouldn't have  known it's summer.
holy crap a guy actually gave me his number and i didn't know what to do so i panicked and sent him a picture of a dead bird? To spice things up in the bedroom, I have my wife dress up as a pizza boy. Then, I have her put the pizza on the counter and then leave.
They say Margaret is a raving beauty. You mean she's escaped from the funny farm? I was walking in the desert and saw a redwood tree. I knew this must be a mirage, so I ran into it. To my dismay, the tree and I collided. I guess it must have been an obstacle illusion.
why do they always say "fight fire with fire" in the movies and stuff? basic pokemon training renders that pretty ineffective Did you hear about the guy that shits out jars? He's a real glasshole, that guy
I went to the Zoo the other day, but all it had was one dog. It was a shitzu. What's the difference between a piano, a tuna fish, and a pot of glue? You can tuna piano, but you can't piano tuna. ... What about the pot of glue? I knew you'd get stuck.
Isn't everyone gettin over racist jokes? Once you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal What is Red and Smells like Blue Paint? Red Paint
Q: Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? A: Breasts don't have eyes. Wanna hear a Joke about a Jump rope? Nah, let's just skip it.
I was playing the Witcher 3 and I realized It should be called the Bitcher, cause I slay more pussy than monsters. (   ) Your selfie would be way better if you weren't in it.
Art Teacher: your drawings are due tomorrow me: [hours later] maybe add in some grapes police sketch artist: ..a bowl of fruit attacked you? My wife once told me that she ingested fecal matter while in the womb I like to give her crap about it.
(Waiter) "What can I get you sir?" (Gastronomist) "Something with a simpler plot." Why did the junkie walk into the pet store? To buy some quack croakaine!
A heads up to girls on Facebook .. if your status says "single" and your profile picture is you with your cat - Well then no fucking shit I got really hungry when we visited the Alpaca Farm, next time Alpaca lunch.
Why is Hillary Clinton just like a man? Because she won't pull out until she's done. TIL unvaccinated children are less likely to be autistic Because they are more likely to be dead
Someone came to my door today asking for donations to the local swimming pool So I gave them a glass of water If it walks like a duck and it looks like a duck, the chances are she's practising for her next selfie
According to movie trailers, 98% of white kids are possessed by the devil. *Passing the same coworker in the hallway more than once: Don't look at me, I already said "Hi" to you.
A racist, a womanizer, and a rapist walked into a bar... ...the bartender says "how may I help you, Mr. President?" I met this amazing girl while speed dating. We stayed up all night and day just talking and giggling and I guess speed will do that to you.
A hearse passed me on the highway going over 100 mph... Some body was in a rush. What blood type does a man with bad spelling have? Typo
One great thing about a cartoon avi is that I could be anything. I could be a 90-yo man. I could be a baby. HOW DO YOU KNOW I'M NOT A BABY! How do you know if an Italian person is mute? When you see he has no hands.
That awkward moment when ur mom doesn't know the words to a song so she screams "HAIL SATAN" & explodes Congratulations, "journalists" who tell celebrity gossip for a living. I didn't know you could get a degree in teenage girl.
Why can't they teach drivers ed on the same day as sex ed in Egypt? Wears out the camel. What did the cholo say when two houses fell on top of him? Get off me homes!
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb? THE LIGHTBULB IS FINE. THERE IS NO PROBLEM WITH IT. I MADE LIGHTBULBS WITH GOOD MANAGEMENT. LET'S MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. This hasn't helped my bull get any sleep at all. In fact, the closer I get to him with the bulldozer, the more agitated he gets.
Why did the console peasant cross the road ? To render buildings on the other side For those who don't speak Spanish: "Cinco de Mayo" means "hold the mayo."
What is Tom Hanks' wireless password? 1forrest1 What's the difference between broccoli and a booger ? little kids won't eat broccoli .
What do you call a lizard with sex problems? Ereptile Dysfunction if ignorance is bliss then racists must feel like they're always on heroin.
Me: "There are so many exotic sounding flavours these days. I just can't resist-" Doctor: "YOU NEED TO STOP DRINKING SHAMPOO!" Why do black people have white palms? Everyone has a little good in them.
Tip of the day: When there's a will...find a way to be in it! Sex is like a gas station..!! Sometime you get full service... Sometimes you gotta ask for service and sometimes you have to be happy with self service.!
What did the lightbulb say to its mother? I wuv you watts and watts. *pulls back your shower curtain* What did you mean by "creepy"
This girl I like said she didn't like bondage..... ....Me either, but you're the one who said No. Did you hear about the new emo website? Check it out it's www.emo.com/wrists
You read for a part, you feel good about it, you feel confident, then they cast Ben Affleck. why do scuba divers go in the water backwards? because if they go forward they would fall inside the boat.
Why is F-time so much fun? Because F-time is Part-E time. How do you make a horomone? You don't pay her. (My mom is sick. Hilarious. But sick. )
Why did the redditor stand on a piece of fruit to check his weight? BECAUSE HE WAS USING A BANANA FOR SCALE Today i made a mistake while sewing. Oops, wrong thread.
Honked & did thumbs-up to teen goth girl on the street I thought looked super cool & she rolled her eyes & I was like YES EXACTLY KEEP AT IT What did the yogi say after riding his pet llama to the ashram? Llamaste.
If this post on WebMD is correct, I died like ten years ago. What's the best part about a redneck family fight? The makeup sex
A man walks into a tailor to buy a tuxedo. He confidently tells the tailor he doesn't need any assistance. The tailor says... ... "Fine. Suit yourself." What does FIAT stand for? Fix It Again Tony
A kid came to my door earlier dressed like a mime, so I pretended to put candy in his basket. Girl are you a ringtone? Because you're really annoying and just get louder when I ignore you.
My goal for 2017.... ....is to accomplish the goals of 2016 which I should have done in 2015 because I made a promise in 2014 and planned in 2013 So I called my friend turkey and I said to him "Turkey, la gente esta muy loca. What the cluck?"
[warning racist] wanna hear a dark joke? africas population I went to Oklahoma recently ,It was pretty ok
Cause the players gonna play play play The haters gonna hate hate hate Baby Im just gonna bottle it all up & develop severe trust issues If you need your iPhone repaired in Jerusalem, you obviously go to the Genius Bar. There, they don't serve alcohol..., ....but there's plenty of Apple Jews.
Who serves all you can eat rabbit stew? Warren Buffet! What's the difference between my ex girlfriend and ebola? At least Ebola will finish me off
I love this joke today Knock, knock. "Who's there?" 9/11 "9/11 who?" You said you would never forget! Sorry if this has been posted recently.. Could be too soon? Just found out I'm willing to drive 40mph over the speed limit to prevent a PT Cruiser from passing me.
My door to door VHS sales are taking a nose dive because of the economy. Recently joined the mile high club sandwich. That's when you have sex on a plane, and it's with a sandwich
Now I ain't saying she's a gold digger But she did move to California in 1849... "HULK WANT LOAN." Bank: "We can't loan to people like you." "GREEN SKIN PEOPLE??" Bank: "No, people who owe 2.6M in property damage."
I tried to go into a restaurant playing Pokemon go. I couldn't get in though. The servers were too busy. You know the world is corrupted.... When people buy the 2015 Macbook.
Husband: Have you lost weight? Me: About 10 lbs H: Who you trying to look good for? *wink M: You don't know him. He's on Twitter... Playing dead in the supermarket to avoid having a conversation with someone you know attracts more attention than I anticipated...go figure.
Two fish swim into a wall One looks at the other and says *"Dam!"* #oldbutgold What kind of dogs will patrol the Trump wall? Border Collies! I just came up with this after not sleeping for 30+ hours. Sorry for the cheesy goodness.
What did the dyslexic bank robber say when he robbed the bank? "Air in the hands motherstickers! This is a fuck up!" The scariest room in a haunted house would be filled with people you haven't seen since high school asking what you've been up to these days
Preventing childhood obesity... It's as easy as taking candy from a baby. Horses are very contrarian... No matter what you ask them, all they say is "neigh."
*bangs gavel* wife: who??? I just bough t a new pair of sunglasses... So anytime I make a bad pun, I'm gonna put them on and *puts on sunglasses* Look cool.
What do you call an elephant in a phone booth? Stuck Children with gay fathers as parents, I seriously sympathize you all It's not easy growing up with twice the dad jokes.
New Year's is just a holiday created by calendar companies who don't want you reusing last year's calendar. It was fortunate that Hillary had a moderator Lester temper get out of hand.
What do you call the Japanese demon of spices? The Pepper Oni. Why do Native Americans wear jock straps? TOTEM POLE
I would post a Casey Anthony joke... But my mom would kill me. wish I never spent that $20 my grandma gave me when I was 12, I could really use it right now
What's the difference between Australia and Yogurt? Culture What did the Ice Cream say to the Birthday Girl? Go 'head girl, it's sherbert day
I think some drugs should be legalized... but cocaine is where I draw the line. What's Hitlers favorite Pokemon? NEIN-Tails.
Why was the horse farmer arrested? He was raising a colt. Why did the chicken cross the road? Because I live across the street from a KFC.
What's pink and wrinked and hangs out my Y-fronts? My mum. Dear clear high heels, Thank you for helping me figure out who's a stripper and who's not.
What's gray squeaky and hangs around in  caves ? Stalagmice ! Make it a Great Friday by not getting nailed to a cross.
Everyone's gynecologist uses the term battle damage,' right? netflix First comes netflix then comes chill next comes babby because mommy forgot the pill
A terrorist posts on reddit. His post blows up. He meets 72 virgins. His day could not be better. What kind of doctor fixes broken websites? A URLologist.
NSFW) Name your James Bond Porno...Go! From Russia With Glove:No Glove = No Love My niece was fired from the chicken farm today She was caught poaching eggs
Mexican and Black Jokes are ALL the same... Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal. How do like really laid-back types answer the phone? Mellow.
Have you heard about the masochist who likes taking a cold shower every morning? So he has a hot one instead. I was going to grease my mechanic's hand with a $20 bill for the phenomenal job he did but ... he already overcharged me by $200.
Have you seen 'Wears My Penis? Ooops, typo. Have you seen where my pen is? Wanna meet Santa's little helper?
How does one turn a fox into a pig?.. ...Marry her. Did you know you are supposed to pull anal beads out slowly? I didn't... I started the wife up like a f*cking chainsaw.
Dad I spotted a Dalmatian! No need to it already has its own spots! [time traveler returns home to 1881] guys i forgot to grab the cure for malaria but here's some...DORITOS LOCOS TACOS [loud cheering]
*wakes up at the crack of Dawn* *instantly regrets drunk dialing Dawn last night* What do a horny ornithologist and a Na'vi buff have in common? They both get turned on by blue tits.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Brother ! Brother who ? Brother-ation I've forgotten your name ! What do you call a guy who is afraid of Santa? Claustrophobic!
Your chances in Vegas are better than you think. 1 out of 5 times you'll get an std. A UDP packet walks into a I would tell you another UDP joke but you might not get it.
Why was the shower crying It was being used. I like to keep my friends close, and my attractive friends even closer.
[Captain America, minutes after the love of his life's funeral] Damn her niece is hot [NSFW] Why did the priest cum on the little boy's face twice? Because Jesus said to turn the other cheek
What do you get if you mix a rhetorical question and a joke? What's the difference? What's the difference between a midget acrobatic team and a girls track team? The midgets are a bunch of cunning runts.
Have you heard the Eric Garner joke? It's so funny I can't breathe Edit: Woah gold, thank you kind stranger :D "I just love a girl in uniform" Appropriate on the battlefield, but not at your local schoolyard.
The animals that like to be pet are the ones that feel the best to touch how dope is that Why can't gay people drive while they're aroused? Because they can't think straight.
Two fish are in a tank... The first fish says to the second fish, "How do we drive this thing?" What do you call an orc's wolf with particularly short legs? A Worgi
why do JEWS have big noses ? air is free If you see a glass as half empty, pour it into a smaller glass.
If you're unsure if you're pregnant or not that's called a maby What animal do I respect most? The octopus. I have no idea what to do with my hands most of the time, and I only have two of them.
[prison riot] *standing over my origami ducks* "GO AROUND! GO AROUND!" Canada is not a vast empty woodland. Our monetary system proves our civility. 5 beavers is worth a caribou 4 caribous are worth a loon And 2 loons are worth a polar bear.
What do you call the reindeer with one eye higher than the other? Isaiah! We got a notice at work that a coyote had been spotted on the fitness trail, and I was, like, "Good for him."
curious new Snapchat filter shows exact date and time of your death but refuses to be sent. then you notice: the time says five minutes ago. Two space shuttle crews watched Felix Baumgartner and thought: "WE COULD HAVE HAD PARACHUTES?"
Tight pants are like a cheap hotel... No ball room Is it a blow job or a blowjob? Fuck I hate writing thank you cards...
How did the Germans conquer Poland so fast? They marched in backwards and the Polish thought they were leaving Me: I'm having a problem with my computer: IT guy: Have you tried punching it? Me: That's the first thing I tried. I'm not an idiot.
I got a job at the circus circumcising baby elephants. It pays peanuts, but the tips are huge. Mary had a little lamb. ...and she was delicious!
There are 11 types of people in this world.. a) those that understand Roman numerals. b) those that don't understand Roman numerals. I don't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.
A woman walks into a bar with a duck under her arm Nice pig says the bartender. It's a duck she says. I was talking to the duck says the bartender. Effective immediately, the navy is only conscripting non-swimmers. They defend the ships much more eagerly. Edit: an adverb.
An apple a day... Keeps the non-binary away Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to turkey!
KIM KARDASHIAN: Elane you GOTA see the BABY ELANE: I follow you on instagram. Im gona see it What does one tampon say to the other? Nothing, they're both stuck up bitches
What's the best thing about turning 65? No more calls from insurance salesmen. * Gets out of a 10 year old coma * Me: Where am I? Dad: GO ASK YOUR MOTHER!
I like mixing laxatives and nitrous oxide on a regular basis, but it's OK... ...I only do it for shits and giggles. technically speaking being gay used to make me happy
How many Dragon Ball characters does it take to screw in a light bulb? Just 1, but It'll take 7 episodes for him to do it. If George Washington were alive today... he'd be clawing at the inside of his coffin and screaming incoherently.
"Babe, is it in?" *"Yea."* **"Does it hurt?"** *"Uh huh."* **"Let me put it in slowly."** *"It still hurts."* **"Okay, let's try another shoe size."** There was a kidnapping at school! It's ok though, he woke up.
Seriously considering telling the CDC I have Ebola, so they'll clean my house. Him: *down on one knee* Will you marry me? Me: Nah, I'm good, but... (puts up hand up to high five) thanks for asking!
Why'd you order the Fish n' Chips? For the Halibut. What do you call a black lady having an abortion? A hero
Friend: "Hey, that girl is cute. Can you put in a good word for me?" Me: "Sure" *walks up to girl* *whispers* "magnanimous" Why are toblerones triangular prisms To fit in the box
What do you call one white guy surrounded by 10 black guys? Coach. What do you call one white guy surrounded by 100 black guys? Warden. Just made an annoying kid shut right up by making a throat slash gesture. So I guess you could say I'm like a child whisperer.
What do you get when you cross Christmas and a Duck? A Christmas-Quacker! What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and vagina? Only some of the things that come out of her vagina are retarded.
Someone just caught me picking my nose at a stop light. Had to just cut my losses and run the red light. A racist man laments... If people gave him $1 for every racist thing he said or done he'd be able to make a small contribution of 1 million dollars to Donald Trump's campaign.
What do you call a bird with big boobs? A para-teet. JOHN AND MARY'S SEX DISCOVERY
The most romantic movie of all time is definitely Pixar's UP. That old man really loved his house. My dad told a lame joke today I told him to stop because he never makes funny jokes. His replay was - I made you didn't I?
Being rich is like being pregnant Everyone is happy for you, but no one asks how many times you were screwed to get there. Today a girl kissed me I just wish that I could post this in another subreddit :(
The hardest part of being a congressman must be pretending to actually like the people where you're from. Two part joke Q. How does an elephant hide in an apple tree? A. He paints his balls red. Q. What's the loudest sound in Africa? A. Giraffes eating apples.
Why did the blonde have a sore belly-button? Because she had a blond boyfriend. Do you know why god created leprosy? He needed someone to lend him a hand!
What is the difference between Coors beer and a ... clitoris? A clitoris only tastes like piss for a second. Back in college, I used to hang a sock on the doorknob when I wanted to signal my roommate that I had no idea how to fold laundry.
No Olympian will ever be better at medaling than the gang on Scooby Doo. What did the testicle say to the other testicle? "Between you and me, I think something's up." I'm slightly tipsy, this is probably a terrible joke. Merry Christmas!
Q: What's a little quicker than a shark? A: The Little Mermaid on her period. Don't forget to tell everyone how you love Fridays because we were all wondering how you feel about them.
Breaking News: Video has been arrested today & charged with the 1st degree murder of Radio Star. "C'mon, your relationship isn't *that* serious." - Las Vegas
I don't watch soccer... If I wanted to watch somebody struggle to score for 90 minutes, I would take my friends to the bar. Never been to the blindfold shooting range? You don't know what you're missing.
Her: Are you even capable of love? Me: I'm pretty sure I love pancakes. After watching "Breaking Bad" and the VMAs in the same night, I think I'd rather my kid be a meth dealer than a musician.
What is created when you rub two oranges together? Pulp Friction Who was the only president that was not guilty? Lincoln. He was in a cent.
"will you be paying with cash or credit?" "Cash" *start playing "ring of fire" on my kazoo *gets tackled by security* In the news, two nuts walked through Central Park today... One was a salted.
Spell "attic" without laughing out loud Yo momma is so fat her butt is the butt of every joke.
I too was once a male trapped in a female body... But then my mother gave birth. What do you call a gay rubber band? An elasstickle
Any fountain can be a Fountain of Youth if filled with champagne and you've had 5 glasses. Knock knock. Who's there? Bob. Bob who? Bob Jones.
Why did man invent curling? To convince women sweeping was a sport. Upon graduation from the University of Phoenix, do they just send you a screencap of your degree?
What's the difference between black people and cancer? Cancer got Jobs. Did you hear about the lumberjack who worked overtime? He logged a lot of hours.
How do you seduce a fat woman? PIece of cake. I ate everything, including the H.
What is the similarity between a projector and an ugly prostitute? Both work better with the lights off. Boaz must've been one hell of a roaster before he got married. Because he was Ruthless.
Why do lesbians shop at Dunham's? Because they don't like Dick's. Q: What is a 'forum'? A: Two-um plus two-um.
Play on Words I really want to come up with a play on words but I don't know how it will do in front of an audience. If my girlfriend has six oranges in one hand and seven apples in the other, what has she got? No chance of blocking an uppercut.
What do you call it when someone resuscitates a person who chokes on alcohol? La chaim-lich maneuver. How do you start a teddy bear race ?  Ready teddy go !
As a cop, I don't know how to deal with black people... But I guess I'll take a shot at it. [Gets shot by mugger] Girl walks by: omg are u ok? I'm dying [sees she isn't wearing a ring] I mean I'm fine but not as fine as you, sup?
I bet Ryan Gosling doesn't even blow his candles out. He probably just winks at them and they faint. What do you call a trespassing camper? Criminal intent
*checking out of Hotel California* You can check-out any time you like "Okay yes, now" But you can never leave! "Ugh where's your manager" Why do legs have to be at least 25 inches long? They're over two feet
What did Mozart say to the police clerk? "I'll be Bach" hahaha. What do you mean they're different people I met a guy recently who was a really good runner, but could only win races in wet weather. They call him the Raining Champion.
Black humour is like children with cancer.. ..it never gets old What do you call a sad terrorist? A crisis
Good Girls &amp; Bad Girls! Difference Between Good Girls And Bad Girls Good Girls Open Few Buttons In Hot Atmosphere, But Bad Girls Open All Buttons To Make The Atmosphere Hot! My brother's so homophobic that if he dropped his keys in San Francisco he'd kick them to Oakland before bending over to pick them up.
What's grey and can't fly? A parking lot. Sandpaper I've been charged with murder for killing a man with sandpaper. Gosh, I only intended to rough him up a bit.
My friend said I didn't understand irony... Which is ironic because we were standing in a bus stop at the time. What's worse than your doctor telling you that you have gonorrhea? Getting the news from your dentist
What is long and hard that women don't have compulsorily? The military service. *horse walks into a bar* *horse walks into a bar* *horse walks into a bar* *horse walks into an optometrist* Horse: Holy shit please help me
What do you call a gay drive-by? A fruit roll up. The Samsung Galaxy S6... The Samsung Galaxy S6 has a worse memory loss than your grandmother's Alzheimer [First joke, go easy, pretty please?]
Have you heard about the new restaurant on the moon? I hear the food is good but there's no atmosphere. What's so good about having sex with twenty one year olds? There's twenty of them.
"Game of Thrones" author George R. R. Martin joined Twitter this week. He already has 80,000 followers  and that's just the cast of "Game of Thrones." I slept in my sons crib last night I wanted to see what all the fuss was about.
Why is the leaning tower of Pisa in Italy? It's Italicized What's brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones.
So ... Helium walks into a bar Helium walks into a bar. The bartender says: "We don't serve noble gasses here." Helium doesn't react. How much pussy does a Monk get? Nun
My new girlfriend really takes my breath away.... She's inflatable. What do you call a snail in the sea? A snailor.
*Mary Poppins voice* Ok, children! Time to go! [15 min later] *Batman voice* I said let's go. Two cosplayers break up... When asked why, one said "I don't know who he is anymore!"
Why did the owl owl ? Because the woodpecker would peck 'er ! Modern Warfare: a $700,000,000 dollar plane drops a $50,000 bomb on a $1.00 tent
Comedy legend Joan Rivers passed away. Hundreds of plastic surgeons mourn the loss of their jobs. Sometimes I can't tell if I'm looking at a captcha or a text from my mom.
How to Skrillex sign his Valentine's Day cards? I wub wub wub you.... I named my eraser Confidence... Because it gets smaller after every mistake I make.
did you fall from heaven because your face is all screwed up Quitting smoking is really easy... I've done it like 100 times already
I bought my friend an elephant for their room. They said thank you. I said don't mention it. I can count on one hand the number of times I've visited Chernobyl... it's 14
My new years resolution is the same as last year. 1920x1080 At my house, it is customary for you to go back to yours as soon as possible.
So which Gate works at the army? Col.Gate I'll leave now. What kind of robbery is not dangerous? A safe robbery.
Congratulations are in order. I just got the stitches in the roof of my mouth removed from that bowl of Cap'n Crunch I had when I was 13. What did the spy say at the glass beach? *The coast is clear*
Remember, Christmas isn't about how big your tree is, or what's under it. It's about who's around it. My Wife made me choose between her, and my Love of Pointing out Doors "If you want to leave" I told her, "There's the Door"
How do you catch a bear? 1. Dig a big hole 2. Fill the hole with ash 3. Place peas all around the hole 4. Finally, when the bear stops to take a pea you kick it in the ash-hole What do you call a virus that affects the command line? Terminal Illness
What's enormous, gray, and unimportant? Irrelephant. Me: So, you come here often? Him: .....we're in my house.
If I'm in a public bathroom and someone else in that same bathroom is on the phone and states that they are ANYWHERE ELSE, I flush my toilet What do you call a twig that won't stop looking in the mirror? A narcissistick.
What kind of bees make milk? Boo-bees My phone got arrested today... It was charged with battery.
I saw Lenin pick his nose the other day... Communists have no class... How do you make a plumber cry? Kill his entire family
I got invited to a block party recently. I show up, blocks EVERYWHERE. Why do the french have so many civil wars? Because they like to win one every now and then
I lost fifty pounds in two weeks by lying! "What're you in for?" "I had a solid tweet *takes drag off cigarette* and no one faved it. I just lost it." "We've all been there, brother."
What do you call an Asian with a big... NSFW Butt hole? Gay ping! My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
A Texas sheriff found a black man who was shot 12 times. He said it was the worst case of suicide he'd ever seen. Twitter is awesome. You can have a boyfriend right in your phone. Available at all times. Unless his wife's around.
I try to live each day like it's my last, which is why I rarely have clean socks. Who wants to wash socks on the last day of their life? The baby gets furious when I try to undress him. He gets that from his mother.
What's the difference between a snitch whose been caught and a free-spirited orphan with an Oedipus complex? One's a dead-ass motherfucker. The other's a dead mother ass-fucker. What word becomes shorter when you add two letters? Short.
BEST vine with nigga - chocolate milk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JZfR4PwIbs What does a sick deception eat? A bowl of Chicken noodle coupe
Why didn't 2x befriend x^2 ? He had trouble integrating Is this the real life? Are you a manatee? Let's beat up french fries I should lay off the LSD
I, for one... is a roman numeral. I'm 49 and my girlfriend is 5 months pregnant! What do you guys think we should do?
I'm taking up cross-stitch so I can make handmade gifts for all the girls in my life Cause bitches get stitches. (though I won't have as many once this stupid joke gets out.) Two Fish there was two fish in a tank and one of the fish said do you know how to drive this thing BECAUSE THE FISH ARE DRIVEING THE TANK IN A WAR
The quickest way to find out the time is to order a beer at breakfast with your mother. What do reindeer say before telling you a joke ? This one will sleigh you !
[raises hand during kickboxing lesson] when do we get to kick boxes? [instructor] that's not what we- [me] I just hate boxes so damn much I am holding a pre-mature ejaculation club meeting next week Needless to say, You need to come early
Two aerials (antennas) meet on a roof - fall in love - get married. The ceremony was rubbish - but the reception was brilliant. Most of being a parent means saying "Great!!" when your kid insists you watch him perform an unidentifiable skill.
No point I'll go straight to the point, this all sentence is pointless Why is milk so fast? Because it's pasteurized before you see it!
Where do stoners keep their money? In a joint account What happened to the trapeze artist that did drugs on the job? He got suspended.
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They smile and call you something even more offensive. If he can't build a wall, Trump is going to dig a giant hole at the border and cover it with a welcome mat like it's a Road Runner cartoon.
I'v been catfishing my best friend Dave for the last 3 weeks. He's gunna pay me that $50 he owes me or I'm showing these emails to his wife. i once heard that in the old days, you received a last name based on your profession. if so, what the hell was John Hancock's career?
If a fly has no wings would you call him a walk? What's red and smells like blue paint? Red paint
Emails So I had to stop redirecting my emails to the girls in my class. They said I was being too forward. How did the man find out his sister was actually his half-sister? He saw her penis
Chuck Norris likes his ice like he likes his skulls: crushed. What's Scrooge's favourite food? A humbug'er.
Going to a baby shower and I'm real nervous, do they just kind of pour down on you? If you catch one do you have to keep it? What does a Cuban do when he gets a flat tire? Drowns.
One problem I had with Catholicism as a child was... all the sexy priests. Why do people always look so embarrassed walking down the street with a pizza box? Be proud man, you've got a pizza!
Out of all my body parts, my eyes are in the best shape... I roll them at least 489 times a day. What do a dwarf and a midget have in common? Very little.
People ask if I saw any 'Red Flags'... Well, I was an anarcho-capitalist and she was a Hoxhaist... If you want to get your beer cold out in the wilds Look for the cool ants.
My girlfriend says I can't visualise things I can't imagine why. Out in public, my husband and I only argue using whale sounds, so it's actually a very calm and soothing experience for people around us.
What's the best remedy for a sex starved drug addict? A jack and coke. Has anyone tried watering old people? Maybe they just need to be watered.
Neighbor asked me over for coffee and said 'make yourself comfortable', so I did, I went home. I always study the vagina before sex Because I like to know what I'm getting myself into
I know I've had enough to drink when I suddenly know everyone's middle name and it's "Motherfucking." What's the difference between the ISIS headquarters and a kindergarten? I don't know, I just fly the drone.
My work ethic could best be described as "procrastinate as much as possible then frantically scream OH FUCK right before the deadline." Airline passenger fell asleep on my shoulder. It was already awkward so I just went ahead & braided her hair.
Why are frogs happy? Because they eat what bugs them.. Source: 3rd grader told me this joke.. Adrian Veidt's wife walks into his bedroom and finds him with another woman. As she approaches him with angry tears, he says "I did it 35 minutes ago."
"It's beautiful today. Let's work outside." *5 mins later* "This was a terrible idea." *more bees disrupt the open heart surgery* A: You look nice today, is that a new shirt and haircut? B: I masturbated yesterday, So I had to clean up afterwards. And one thing lead to another. Hair trimming included.
Where does Justin Timberlake go swimming when he's in the Ukraine? The Crimea River 4-year-old: Tell me a scary story! Me: One time little people popped out of your mom and they never stopped asking questions. 4: Why?
You know why /r/jokes doesn't allow pictures? thatsthejoke.jpg What do you call a queue of boxers? A punchline.
I think I will start calling my wife "My Customer" since she is always right... I'll complain about the government invading my privacy after I tell you where I am on Facebook and posting what I'm eating on Instagram.
When the devil buys your soul he makes you sign a contract because even though he is pure evil he has an unshakable respect for tort law. [A pair of crocs sitting on a riverbank] Why do you think people hate us so much? "Idk. I blame the idiots who wear us with socks."
What did Sean Connery do when he saw a guy drowning? he started undressing and yelled 'I will shave you' I once tried to write a book about my thoughts But there's only so much you can put in a suicide note.
Cars Why do lazy people only drive automatics? Because they're shiftless. I'm 36 but have the body an 18-year-old The police are pretty upset about it.
I keep getting told I'm a terrible mailman.. Oops I've posted this in the wrong place What beer does Sean Connery drink? Grols
My kids are asking to be fed and cared for and stuff. This parenting thing is bullshit. If Tom Brady joined Nickelback... They'd become 30 cents.
Teacher Johnny: Use the word HARASSMENT in a Sentence... Johnny: I was in Love with a girl and.. Her-ass-meant a lot to me A Stormtrooper went golfing today He's still on the first hole.
Obesity it's a disease People in America say obesity is a disease. The only thing diseases and obese people have in common is they are both really easy to catch. I could be subtweeting my cat for all you know. Calm down.
I shaved my legs and now my socks keep falling down. Life is hard. Today my boss will learn that I am nowhere near mature enough to be left alone with a label maker.
If I've learned one thing from twitter, it's how to get a ton of work done in an hour after wasting 80% of my day tweeting. What's the difference between a feminist and a dentist's drill? One causes a lot of pain and makes a constant high pitched whine. The other is a useful piece of medical equipment.
Why is Christopher Walken so tired? Because at night, he's always sleepwalken What game do old black people play? Blingo!
Programmers tend to byte their food A boycott is just a smaller version of a manbed.
Yo mama so fat when she went to Walmart, she tripped on Walgreens, and landed right on target Making the arrangements for my wife's funeral is tough She keeps asking what I'm doing
When the cashier asks, "Paper or plastic", I say, "Plastic", then use the bag to suffocate a bird in the parking lot while staring him down. I was on a date. "How many ladies have you slept with?" she said. I said, "Do you want me to round it to the nearest 10?" She raised her eyebrows and said, "OK..." I said, "Zero."
*speaks at high school graduation* Your 12 year free trial has expired. To continue your education please submit your credit card info. I think God created marriage so death wouldn't come as such a disappointment.
So far my toddler's most impressive defense mechanism is pooping his pants every time anyone rings our doorbell. Can I tell you a joke? Your bum broke! hahaha! We loved this lame-ass joke as kids
Told my mom I hit 1200 Twitter followers. She pointed out how my brother owns a house and I'm wanted by several collection agencies. Oh ma! I painted my PC black hoping it would run faster but now it doesn't work at all.
Never underestimate the power of a woman's INTUITION. Some women can recognize game before you even play it. Whats the difference between jam and jelly? I can't jelly my dick down your throat.
There are two types of friends: Those that keep your car clean And Julian FUCKING JULIAN My friend didn't understand my poorly timed holocaust joke. So he asks me, "What's a holocaust?" And I reply "Oh, about eleven million"
I tried to set our Computers Password to "MyDick" But was disappointed when it said "Error: Not Long Enough" .5% of life is spent with accidental throat bubble Kermit voice.
my last girlfriend broke up wth me after she went through my phone and i refused to tell her why i searched for goth grandpas So all about these girls killing folks because of slenderman..... I guess you could say, they were a victim of anorexic culture
What's a pirate's favorite letter? The P. If the P was taken away, he would be irate Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? Because he had a hole in one.
The Galactic Empire, after the destruction of the Death Star, has taken to bowling during the interim. The Empire Strikes Back, they call it. Whenever I have a bad day,,, I just remind myself that there are people out there who have their ex's name tattooed on their body
How do you make a Venetian blind? Poke him in the eye All things in moderation. Unless no one's looking.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer. I still believe in love. But I also believe in sasquatch, nessy, and that I could win the lottery. So there's that....
Note to self: 1) Your memory sucks. 2) Write note to self. How many cops does it take to change a light bulb? They don't, they just shoot the room for being black. I guess you could say that was dark humor? ;)
Why isnt Hitler invited to any BBQs? Cuhs he burns all the franks! Friend told me this, so im sorry if this has already been posted. I'm in the middle of hanging myself. The suspense is killing me.
There are no absolutes in this world. Except vodka. a dude sitting next to me in the ER asked how to spell ankle & then correctly identified Rush Hour by a scene without jchan or chris tucker
Hey geese crossing the road, u can fly. What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean? [NSFW] You don't pay $200 to have a garbanzo on your face
So I saw that Princess Diana is trending on tumblr. She's all over the dashboard! Did you hear about the production delays at that company that makes scales using lengthy pipes? They had really long weights.
Thought of this joke a few years ago and thought id share it with you beautiful people Why cant bulimics be pitchers in baseball? Because they always throw up Are you Finished? [X-post from Funny] Its a joke/comic thing. This is it--&gt; http://imgur.com/GskWG
What's the difference between pussy and mashed potatoes Mashed potatoes don't make their own gravy Me: *Buys nutribullet* will this baby take down a vegan? Cashier: No, it's not an actual bu... Me: *loads nutrigun* Cashier: What the heck?
It was when I stabbed a Capri Sun perfectly the first time, right in that grey circle, that I knew I wanted to be an assassin. You hear the joke about the frenzied mob? It's a riot.
Piers Morgan has taken a very strong stance against guns, and who can blame him? If you had a gun, you'd shoot him too. Why did Beethoven never answer the doorbell? They weren't invented yet.
If an object falls at 500ft/s how far must Mohammed run to escape the blast? What's brown and sticky? Anal.
What kind of farm has lots of books but no livestock? Barns and no-bulls. (This joke was made up by my 7 year-old cousin.) Vegetarians live up to nine years longer. Nine horrible, tedious, meaningless, worthless, baconless, cheeseburgerless, meatless years.
My son will never know the thrill of illegally downloading Thong Song on napster and waiting 1h39m for it to download My favorite book to read on the toilet is "The Shining." It scares the shit outta me.
How many potatos do you need to kill an Irishman? None. A friend of ours is practicing baking apple pies. She brings them over to our house and later asks us how we liked it. I tell her "You need more practice."
Its stupid of Apple to include Health apps with their products... ...Everybody knows that people with one Kidney are not supposed to run. Another "Priceless" joke. Vodka 19.99. Motel room 64.99. Condoms 9.99. Finding out she swallows and likes it in the ass? Priceless! Fuck Mastercard, it pays to Discover
We never knew he was always drunk... ...until he showed up to work sober. I know a hooker downtown that charges by the inch. I can't afford her, but you probably could. *(one-liner from the old guy that delivers stock to my work.)*
Did you hear about the Woodstock Killer? He was charged for murder within tents. How does Peter Pan fly? If someone hit you in the Peter with a Pan, you'd fly too.
When my kids are bad I take them out to the woodshed and tell them a bunch of boring stories about the people at my work What's the difference between David Blaine and the NRA? The former has a cunning array of stunts
so I painted my computer black the other day... I thought it would run faster. Turns out it stopped working. People say there is power in numbers. Say that to 6 million jews. -Jimmy carr
It's hunting season and fox like you shouldnt be out in the open! Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? She ran away from the ball.
What is the difference between a 5 and a 2? 3. Heroin really messed up my household... All the spoons are missing.
[Commercial] *Camera focuses on a man choking on a whole apple* Narrator: "If only there was a better way?" [On Screen Caption] TEETH What sits in the middle of the world wide web  ? A very very big spider !
Mommy mommy what happened to all your scabs ...[NSFL] Shut up and eat your corn flakes! What's long and hard on a black guy? The first grade
A roman walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers, please." Who plays center forward for the vampire  football team? The ghoulscorer.
My girlfriend is in Mexico for vacation and if she has a Juan night stand while she's down there, her and I are totally done. Why were the sneakers so sad? Because they had ten issues.
During sex, my girlfriend always wants to talk to me. Just the other night she called me from a hotel. My nutritionist said that instead of eating three big cheeseburgers I should have multiple, smaller cheeseburgers throughout the day
I was suffering from constipation the other day but I really didn't care In fact, I didn't even give a shit. My 4yr old daughter just charged me $47 for a fake cake she cooked in her pretend oven. I laughed. ... She stared at me until I paid her.
What do you give the guy who has everything? Penicillin I weighed myself today, then I ate the scale.
Bring an urn speed dating. Whenever a prospective match asks a question, whisper to urn, "I don't know, Mom: should I tell him?" What do you call a dead baby ,who fights crime? Miscarriage of Justice
Sorry if you already know this one A Hipster, a vegan and a feminist walk into a bar... How do I know? They have already told everybody about 6 times in 5 minutes 'No you can't have cake! Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Here, eat this fried flour with butter and maple syrup.' -Moms
Do you have neighbors?.. Do you have extension cords?..... Are you paying too much for electricity? The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
You people remind me of lemons.... You're sour, some people like you, and your juices can be squeezed out for money. I think the problem is that I'm 20% stud and 80% muffin.
A guy walks into a bar "Ow," he says. They said "orange is the new black"... ...but I didn't realise they meant Trump would replace Obama.
I think 90% of the software on my computer doesn't do anything except send me notices that there's a new version of itself. I have but one question Why did curiousity kill the cat?
Me: *crawls in window* Him: What are you doing?! Me: You're my boyfriend now? Him: I'm calling the cops Me: But you retweeted me?? Please make sure "to" put your air quotes around the right words
What's the difference between Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump? Reagan helped tear down a wall. 40% of North American teens can't even find ISIS on a map. Talk about ignorant
I like my slave like I like my frees Coffee. Hitting on women at this PTA meeting would probably be easier if I actually had a kid at this school.
TEIAM - problem solved fuckers A vegan, feminist, and a crossfitter walk into a bar... I know because they told everyone in twenty minutes.
And the Oscar goes to.................................... Court for killing his girlfriend. Patron: This bread is stale. Waiter: It wasn't last week.
Judge: Guilty Me: Sayyoudidwhat. Judge: What did you say? Me: Judge? Did you just reverse my sentence? *Stage dives into cheering jury* I once met a girl with twelve boobs. Sounds fake, dozen tit?
Murderer: IM GOING TO STRANGLE YOU Me: wow your hands are so soft Murderer: omg really Me: [caresses his hands] what moisturizer do you use My new year's resolution is to stop procrastinating. . . I'm gonna start tomorrow
Why is it hard for Chihuahuas to type on a keyboard? They're all paws. I bought some vinyl cleaner, just for the record.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because it looks like you landed on your face. The initials of the Sri Lankan players read like DOS commands. MKDIR, CHKDSK.
I was pleased with the first day of The World Cup, and even more pleased that it didn't turn into "2 Girls, 1 World Cup" as I had feared. For an "adult" bookstore, this place has a LOT of picture books
What do you call someone who points out the obvious? Someone who points out the obvious TIL it costs more money to make a penny than how much it's worth That makes very little cents
A Priest a Rabbi and a Nun walk into a bar The bartender looks up and says, "What is this some kind of joke?" I like my women like I like my programming languages. Visual and basic
What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you pick up anything with that? My girlfriend said we should experiment more in the bedroom. This morning we synthesised a new protein chain.
Which is more stable, a hamburger or a steak? Hamburger, it's in the ground state. What do you call a group of Mexicans smoking weed? Baked beans
I was really ticked at my woman tonight, so I stapled her fun bags together. If ya can't lick 'em, join 'em. Why does the corn get mad at the farmer? Because he is always pulling on his ears.
on fire The chief of the fire department walks into the room where the other firemen wait and says: "Take it easy boys, the Tax Office is on fire." What's a toads favourite sweet ? Lollihops !
I got a haircut recently. I thought it was too short at first, but it's started to grow on me. Confucius say . . . . Man who wrong on elevator, wrong on many levels.
There's nothing worse than when you tell someone it's a long story and they reply with "I have time." How do you make rape funny? You force it
My son wants a bb gun for Christmas I told him I'l give it my best shot My wife was raped by a mime He preformed unspeakable acts on her
I don't understand hair It's just over my head. What will the "Red Hot Chili Peppers" become when they die? Ghost Peppers.
I'm so old... ...my organs are harpsichords. Dr: it looks like you've contracted sumatta Me: what is that? Dr: what is what? Me: sumatta Dr [grits teeth]: say it together
What do you call Halloween for feminists? Triggertreat It was my son's birthday, so I took 4 of his mates for a burger and then bowling. They had a great time, he would have loved it
I dropped my electric toothbrush in the garbage disposal and accidentally co-produced a Skrillex album. I used to have a phone with a really good user interface... ...but someone swiped it.
What's the difference between a stripper and a hooker? Usually about $40 How do you drown a polar bear? Cut a hole in the ice. Put a line of peas around the hole. When the polar bear takes a pea, kick him in the ice hole.
I'm at the wailing wall, standing there like a moron, with my harpoon. -Emo Philips Saw a girl with 12 nipples today. Sounds crazy, dozen tit?
What's the difference between a Therapist and The Rapist? Just a little space People that say "God never gives you more than you can handle" never met my ex-girlfriend.
Just bought a thesaurus at the store and brought it home to find out the pages are all blank. I have no words to describe how angry I am. You know how when you're in high school and you get "senioritis" and your brain shuts down? When does it come back on?
I told a joke to my Jewish friends about kosher food, but they didn't like it at all... they said it was too ham-fisted. I told a joke about noble gasses the other day. There was no reaction.
Me: Alexa, did you hear what Siri just said about you?! Alexa: Hold my beer!!! What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick!
LGBT Girl Scout Leader Arrested She was thrown in jail for eating Brownies. Boy: Our Principal So Stupid Girl:Don't You Know Who i am? Boy: No Girl: I'm The Principal's Daughet. Boy: Do You Know Who i am? Boy: Good (Walks Away)
The best things in life are free. Who let them out?! I PAID GOOD MONEY TO IMPRISON THEM He used to be Hand Solo Then he gave Leia the D.
My ex and I broke up because she said she couldn't be with someone who wanted her to change. I just wanted her to stop sleeping with my friends. During the Vietnam War, Chuck Norris allowed himself to be captured. For torture, they made him eat his own entrails. He asked for seconds.
At my funeral, I want a homie to adjust my junk one last time. I'm not gonna rest peacefully if my balls are pinched between my legs. I'm not on the Atkins Diet. I'm on the Rowan Atkinson Diet... It's all BEANS!!
What kind of book did Frankenstein's monster like to read? One with a cemetery plot. What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick.
My mother always told me never to listen to Rumours. Consequently my copy of Tusk is completely worn out. What is up with 1, 3, 5, 7, 9? ...I can't even...
"A smile is like tight underwear...it makes your cheeks go up. What did one snowman say to the other snowman? "Do you smell a carrot?"
I went to the zoo today but when I arrived, there was only a dog there It was a shitzu The year is 2543. Beyblades are a form of currency. Everyone speaks in emoji. President Woof outlaws all cats. Madonna releases a new single
My doctor told me not to lift anything heavy for a few weeks. So I have to sit when I pee now. What do you call a psychic who simply doesn't care? Telapathy
My grandpa would always tell me "You're my favorite granddaughter" I was his only granddaughter. Prince Charming: I will awaken her with love's sweet ki-- Sleeping Beauty: five more minutes
A line for cops who pull over attractive drunk models If I could put you in the alphabet, I would go D U I and that's why I'm a writer, I look forward to your hatred of bad jokes It doesn't matter if you're black or white. Unless my wife just gave birth to you.
What country uses the most foul language? Turkey your mama so fat she was going to walmart tripped over kmart and landed right on target!!!
My doctor told me that I have to stop masturbating! Because otherwise he can't do his medical examination. Microsoft just announced they are changing the name of Xbox's Premier Multiplayer Service from Xbox Live to Xbox Dead...
My girlfriend and i are quite similar They're both imaginary Hope there is a particularly fiery spot in hell for anyone capable of losing a dog in an enclosed dog park.
I don't ever have to worry about getting sex... Because I'm married, so I already know I won't. Takes all the guesswork right out of it. Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the gay guys house. (awkward silence) knock knock. (who's there?) The chicken. Feel free to try on your friends, its a good laugh.
What do naked fish play with ?  Bare-a-cudas ! What so you call a religious dinosaur? A prayeradactyl.
A penis lives a hard life His neighbor's nuts, he lives accross from an asshole, his best friend's a pussy, everyone calls him a dick, and his owner beats him. Never understand when someone says, "cats are snobby." Like dogs are constantly inviting you & the kids over for burgers & a swim?
Right before our Grandpa died we covered his back in butter. He went downhill pretty quickly after that. Dude... I was there, don't try to change the story.
What's the difference between a dog and a marine biologist? One wags it's tail, while the other tags a whale Saying MILF... in an *incestous* family has a completely different meaning...
If nothing ever sticks to TEFLON how do they make TEFLON stick to the pan? What do you call Trump and Hillary buried up to their necks in sand? Progress
I just left my job... Me: I couldn't work for that man after what he said to me. Friend: What did he say? Me: "You're fired". I used to have some well constructed ass jokes But then I rectum.
A magician was driving down the road when suddenly... He turned into a driveway! On my latest trip through New England I was really impressed with New York City but Boston just blew me away
I've never smoked weed before but the frequency with which I pass out, hand in a bag of snack chips, leads me to believe I'd be good at it. How does Satan measure his mass? In pentagrams.
What are a redneck's last two words before dying ? WATCH THIS ! If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito.
Why did the clown go to the doctor? Because he was feeling a little funny. He had testicular cancer. Yo mama is so stank... She has to put ice between her legs to keep the crabs fresh.
Yo mama so fat.. I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing. How are tornadoes and marriage alike? They both begin with a lot of sucking and blowing, and in the end you lose your house.
The phrase "watching paint dry" should be replaced with "listening to people talk about brewing their own beer." Why does the zoo only have dogs? Because they shot the gorilla
Let's do them. What do you call a group that only wants a Ninja? Goad-diggers. There are ten types of people in this world Those who understand binary and.. wait, shit
How does Professor Charles Xavier Apologise? He says "Cerebro" Girl On Fire by Alicia Keyes would be a great theme song for a Vagisil commercial!
I'm not afraid that the world is going to end.... I'm afraid that it isn't going to change.... What do you call a Jew with a pH lower than 7? ....hasidic I'll let myself out now. I know that was matzo good...
My corn tortillas want me to like them on Facebook. Fuck the future. who says homosexuality isn't a decision? i turn women gay all the time.
If I had a dollar for every time I think about you, I'd start thinking about you. I call my girlfriend Dumbledore. She's a head master.
Here it is, folks: "Do imaginary octopi have ... (wait for it) (wait for it) PRETENDACLES?" Why do Chinese only care about themselves? Because they have no i's (plural of i). Edit: eyes. Eyes guys. It's a bad pun.
If your gift says "from Mom and Dad" you just know Dad has absolutely no idea what's inside it. Does anyone know if ISIS is hiring? I heard they offer new hires a company cell phone and/or car.
What type of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers What's the one public place that most people still support the separation of Colors and Whites? The laundromat.
My wife doesn't believe that auto correct changed "Yes dear" to "Hell no I'm not picking your mother up from the airport at 1am." What are some of your good 'fake names' Looking for some good joke names like: Mike Hunt Dixie Normous Ivana fukalot ect
To the guy who named cotton candy: Yes! It looks just like it sounds. To the guy who named Milk Duds: What the hell is wrong with you? A group of guys with ponytails is called a flock of Steven Seagulls
A bar walks upto a bar... Hows that even possible During fireworks is the best time to shoot someone.
He whispered in my ear that he liked being called daddy. I whispered back that I liked being called a cab. I would help you carry some of those bushes... but I've already got two palms on my hands.
If you're nervous about speaking in public just imagine everyone holding a meatball sub. Even if you're not nervous picture it. It's amazing The next iPhone won't be a failure In fact, it'll be a huge 6S.
"It doesn't matter what you look like on the outside" ME: Oh thank god "It's who you are on the inside" ME: Dang What do u call a greedy lesbian? Bush hog.
Fat people just want to get into your pantries. I have over 500 FB friends but only 6 actual friends. And, I don't even like 2 of them...
I was in a good mood when suddenly twitter went down & I ran over a blind man, tasered a baby, killed a puppy & set myself on fire. What time did Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon ? *...Tennish...*
How do you say goodbye to a thousand Japanese people? A big wave Just overheard the phrase, "pregnant with a baby," and secretly wondered what the other options were.
we call em houseplants like thats where they belong but its just where we put em thats like if u threw me in the sewer & called me sewer boy For someone who said "Correct me if I'm wrong..." you seemed genuinely surprised and upset when I did.
A lot of people say I'm condescending... (That means I talk down to people) What did the New York Salmon say to the driver? I'm swimming here!
My sons kidnappers: if u ever want to see your son alive, press 1. Para Espanol marque dos Me: ugh i just want to speak to a real person How much wood would Steve Winwood win if Steve Winwood could win wood?
Learning about frequency is so boring ... It literally Hertz. Why couldn't the two melons get married? Because they cantaloupe!  I'll see myself out now...
4-year-old: Is there candy in that drawer? Me: No. 4: Can I check? Me: Do you have a warrant? So my friend told me I don't understand the meaning of irony... It was ironic because I was sitting on a park bench.
How did I sleep in college? I slept like a baby... I woke up every two hours to vomit, shit myself and cry myself back to sleep. When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
What does a bug say when it accidentally breaks its exoskeleton? You gotta be chitin me! What did the man say while holding a square clock? I'm holding Time Square!
Whenever I conduct a job interview I ask the applicant to name their favorite Muppet, and no matter the answer I scowl and shake my head. How can you tell when you are talking to an extroverted engineer? They look at your feet instead of theirs.
Cowboy:" Give me three packs of condoms, please." Cashier:" Do you need a paper bag with that, sir?" Cowboy: "Nah...She's purty good lookin'...." I walked into the boss's office and handed him a pear. "What's this for?" He asked. "A pay rise." I replied. "My wife told me to grow it first and then ask you."
We're gathered here today to mourn the loss of Derek. His last words were "Watch me try and keep my eyes open while sneezing!" So Lisa said she wanted to be friends with benefits Where's my dental plan, you slut? (source, college humor)
Smiling gives you wrinkles. Resting bitch face keeps you pretty. If you're reading this.. then you are not Floyd Mayweather.
My dad is my inspiration ...cause you never know when it's gonna hit you EDIT: missed a word My gassy dog might be the leader of Russia... ...because she is always Putin.
What's big, grey and makes you jump? The elephant of surprise. :) What's the worst part about necrophilia? When you get stiff before she does.
My wife's cooking is so bad we usually pray after our food. What do you call a bone that disrespects God? A Blasfemur
ME: Lord, what have I done to deserve this GOD: *unfurls a scroll that keeps going for miles* Well How I reacted to the Fine Bros controversy... [deleted]
I was watching some porn with a plot the other day It was pretty Fucking stupid What book do you like the most? Woman: "My husband's checkbook."
Many women say a guy who makes them laugh is all they want. They fail to mention all the things it takes to put them in the mood to laugh. What's black and white and red all over? Michael Jackson, after the autopsy.
I used to be a narcissist But now look at me A battery's life sucks. You're either working or you're dead.
You know what Popeye and Napoleon have in common? They both come on those little jugs of Olive Oil. I have a joke about fat people with big butts... Butt weight... That's not fanny.
I asked my wife for sex recently... She said, "No, it's a super moon, not a blue one". There's no harm in trying Unless you try to commit suicide,that will suck real bad
TIL A new study shows that women drivers often turn into good drivers So if you're a good driver, look out for women drivers. What do you call a body builder? Jim.
He died doing what he loved, checking his mentions while driving. I just learned you need five sheep to make a sweater. I didn't know they knew how to knit.
Mothers are always one question from ruining your day. I have a pill that helps you lose pounds fast its called the brexit pill
What do you call a kid with no legs, no arms and an eyepatch? Names. Forget hydrogen, you're my number one element.
Always carry $100,000 cash on you at all times in case you ever feel like getting a sandwich from an airport. Read more Ant jokes
How can working with cow hide act in your favor on a first date? As if she's going to lay there and be swayed by some new buck. A lady asked me where my adopted son came from and I said if she doesn't know by now where babies come from it's not my place to tell her
Traffic cop: Just blow into this for me sir. Man in car: But that's a balloon. Traffic cop: if you just cooperate sir, it'll soon be a dog. Why are seals such homebodies? Because clubbing isn't any fun.
"I need to find somewhere to park," I told my wife. "What about over there?" she said. "I can't," I replied, "It says between 1 and 9 only." "Well, why is that stopping you?" "I'm 23." I have one trophy on reddit. Dust
All my party planning skills revolve around exit strategies. What do you call a fly with no wings? A walk... budumdum tssssss
Christmas is my favorite four months of the year. Using a macbook is like making love to a woman There are so many things to do with your fingers, but none of them work.
What happened to the road? Depressions. [On stage at comedy club] "Doritos: 11 chips per serving" *audience erupts in laughter* "Oreos: 3 cookies per serving" *audience loses it*
Fe Fi Fo Fum Rhyme scheme tweets are kinda dumb What do you call someone who blows himself up by accident? An Errorist!
I have awful jet lag The WiFi on this airliner is just terrible Police chief: So what do we know about the serial killer? Detective: He's white Other detective: A muscular build Me: He kills people
I have been single so long, I can finish my own sentences. My cat is rubbing herself all over me because she wants me to stroke her. It's like she's a drunk version of me.
Pancake in Spanish is panqueque, which translates back into English as *does raise the roof motion* bread whaaaat whaaaat An alcoholic walks into a candy store... then a table, then a chair, floor.
Homeless people wouldn't be half as poor if they didn't waste all of their money on sharpies and cardboard. Do you believe in love at first sight or do I have to walk by you again?
What was the first 3D printer? Your butthole! *** This joke is awesome because it was created by a third grader where I teach. Short people are oppressed They're always getting overlooked.
Her: I love that thing you do to make me moan. Me: *makes another plate of nachos* Why don't little girls fart? Because they don't get an asshole until they get married.
If you just got invited to do something on New Year's Eve, it means someone else cancelled. I used to go to Weight Watchers to meet women [FIXED] Turns out they're way harder to pick up than I thought.
What did Melania Trump say after being stopped by an officer? License and registration, please. Why was the tampon flying down the school hallway? He was late for his next period.
I like my lovers like I like my golf score Hand drawn, messy, and totally unconvincing. Proper punctuation can be the difference between a tweet being well written and a tweet being well, written.
Are you afraid of quantum mechanics ? Dont worry, it's gonna be Feynman. At which fast food restaurant is a hamburger happiest? Arthur Treacher's Fish and Chips!
*on my deathbed* *groggy, dazed, & delirious* Me: I wonder if my TC ever really loved me? Wife: Honey, what's a TC? Me: *pulls plug* What did the roadman say when he saw the Mona Lisa? That's a peng ting.
Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair. Hey Reddit, What are your favorite jokes?
Vader: I AM your father. Luke: Why are you telling me this now? Vader: Luke: Vader: I need a kidney. How are a grenade and a girlfriend similar? If they're good ones, they'll both blow really well.
My mother always told me if you have nothing nice to say join 4chan What do you get when you combine a black guy and an octopus? nobody knows actually but it will be perfect for picking cotton.
Hate it when people ask me what I will be doing five years from now Come on guys, I don't have 2020 vision Who Wears The Old Clothes Of Angela Merkel? Angela Merkel.
What is a trailer park's favorite game? Twister I've decided to become a raw carnivore... I guess you can say I'm going cold turkey
I've heard that 1 in 3 people have a pedophile as a neighbour. But that can't be right because my neighbours are sexy 5 and 7 year olds. I remember the last thing my granddad said before he kicked the bucket. I wonder how far I can kick this bucket?
"Dance like the photo's not being tagged, Love like you've never been unfriended, Status Update like nobody's following." What is a Freudian slip? When you say one thing but mean your mother.
Whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair! Why did the chicken cross the road To get to the other side (   )
Why did the girl quit her job at the donut factory? She was fed up with the hole business. My wife came home with a duck under her arm... "This is the pig I've been fucking" she said "That is a duck, not a pig" I replied "I'm not talking to you"
Me: *describing criminal* Well he was kind of *muffled laughter* "sketchy". Police Sketch Artist: *sighs heavily* Get out. New Girlfriend (56) -- Postponed due to rain NOTICE: New Girlfriend (56) will be made up next Wednesday as part of a double header along with New Girlfriend (57).
So a proctologist is examining a patient. He pulls an anal thermometer out of his coat to make some notes. Looks at it and says "Damnit some asshole has my pen!" My kids can't hear the dog barking for 15mins to come back inside but they can hear me bite into a Pop-Tart from 3 counties away.
To Do List While in Jail 1. Ask someone for an Eskimo kiss and when they shake their head no say,"Hey why'd you start without me?" 2. 3. My wife and I had a real Fairytale wedding. A wolf killed her grandma during the ceremony and then we ate stolen porridge from some bears.
A squirrel and an elephant are in the bathroom. The elephant in the tub says to the squirrel, we have no soap. The squirrel says... "OH YEAH? NO SOAP RADIO!" A zombie apocalypse would be so much funnier if we started burying people in those fuzzy duck slippers that quack when you walk.
What do the Post Office and a shoe store have in common? Thousands of brown loafers "If your father asks you to pick up 5 large bags of ice, the best place to put them is in the backyard in direct sun" ~My son apparently
Why do physicists love going to church It's the center of mass "I see people." - The Fifth Sense
Apparently people keep mistaking me for their Mirrors because they keep saying I'm ugly or fat Orange Soda I've always dreamt of having a cock as long as a 2 litre bottle of orange soda, and just as wide. It's just Fanta-sea really
How do Mr. and Mrs. Weasley have sex? gingerly. Optimus Prime: AUTOBOTS, ROLL OUT. Me: *walks downstairs* where the hell is my toaster and microwave?
[on the phone] wife: My mom tripped over the dog me: Is she ok? wife: Yeah me: Can I talk to her? wife: Sure *calls for the dog* There's a German shepherd next door who keeps burying under my fence and shitting in the flower bed His dog is just as bad
Chuck Norris has a deep and abiding respect for human life...... unless it gets in his way. Thanks to my recent change to a healthier lifestyle, I am no longer fat and ugly Now I'm just ugly
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile? Fitting in. What do you call the facility where they make lower quality, but still acceptable, goods? The satisfactory.
What do you call an ant who can't play the piano ? Discordant ! Hey, having a good conversation with the cashier? Great. Hurry the fuck up. We have lives, sort of.
What did the traffic light say to the car? Don't look at me I'm changing. If life gives you melons, You might be dyslexic!
I started microfinancing my money to get better savings. It just made a lot of cents to me. I'd do anything to never be hungover again Except stop drinking
*wakes up early* *goes for morning jog* *calls wife to pick him up because he's made a terrible mistake* Never understood the point of black friday Could have sworn we already gave them a whole month
Me: I'd kill for a body like that Them: well by monitoring your calorie intake and daily exercise you c- Me: yeah I'd rather kill WHat's the worst part of being a black jew? You have to sit in the back of the gas chamber
What does a lesbian couple do for fun while they're having their periods? Fingerpaint! How many Donald Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb? None, they've invented torches.
I accepted the Microsoft terms and conditions without reading them, and apparently I'm now responsible for hemming all of Bill Gates' pants. Why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff? Tequillllaaaa
Why couldn't the stoner simplify his binomials in front of the class? Because a watched pothead never FOILS. Your face... ...looks like it caught on fire and somebody tried to put it out with a hammer.
Watching my son's soccer game in the cold and rain cuz I'm a good Mom. From my heated car cuz I'm not a total idiot. What if the missing plane is still up there? "What?" Did you check the sky? "No." See, this is why you'll never advance, Kevin.
Hey bro do you remember your first blowjob? How did it taste? They're upping my charges from prank bomb to non-Arab terrorism.
What does a rock put on when it stinks? Geodorant. Knock Knock Who's there ! Ali ! Ali who ? Ali-luyah at last you've opened the door !
What runs, but never sprints? Inherited obesity Boyfriend VS motorbike ufffff.  "Full LOL joke" Q: What is the difference between motorbike and boyfriend? A: Well, bike is first kicked than used and boyfriend is first used than kicked ZZZZ ... :)
Did you hear about the old Italian chef? He pasta way Why was the snowman smiling? He saw the snowblower coming
I can't wait to see the phrase "He was the longest living member of the Baha Men" in an obituary Sometimes I spend so much time on Twitter in the bathroom that I actually pee twice.
What did the french chef give his wife on Valentine's day? A hug and a little quiche. Your mamas so skinny she swallowed a meatball n thought she was pregnant.
Me: Excuse me, where's the rowing boat equipment? Employee: Keep going down there, Oar Aisle. Me: ... Employee: ... Me: Or you'll what? What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung! (Credit to the Pythons)
I lost my virginity to a retarded girl I wanted my first night to be special. I just danced like no Juan was watching, but he totally was and he cut off the tequila then threw me out of his restaurant you guys.
My penis is 4 inches... ...but I find most girls don't like it that wide. Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie from drowning? He was *too far out, maaan*.
[job interview] "So we'll call you & let you know. Do you have any questions?" Yes, can you text me instead to let me know? Let me make an iphone joke Never mind, Ill just come up with a new one
If you ever see on a road where a section of the dotted line is missing - There is no law there. A guy and his dog Guy walks up to his dog and says "I need a divorce" The dog replies "yeah, my wife is a bitch too."
I witnessed a murder today... Though it may have just been a flock of jackdaws, I'm not a biologist. How does a police officer go to the bathroom? Ctrl+C
I just totally misunderstood the meaning of 'Strip Mall' and could one of you guys send bail money? that awkward moment when you stub your toe and accidentally summon the spirits of a thousand dead feet while you yell and curse
Why can't americans play LoL? They can't guard their towers. Once all serial killers decided to compete for the most kills It was a cut throat competition
Travel Agent: Hello sir! Interested in a vacation? Me: *puts cat on the phone* [20 mins later] Travel Agent: I've got you booked for Maui Birds A duck walks into a restaurant. After eating a whole meal, he says to the waiter "Just put is on my bill"
Isn't it so awkward when you misplace a Rolex? It's like, do I want to tell people that there's a free Rolex on the loose? Relatable, right? Heard about the statistician who liked to kick back with his feet in the oven and his head on a bucket of ice? On the average, he was quite comfortable.
what currency does the sun use? starbucks Why was the programmer lonely? Off-by-one error. :(
"I take pride in my job. I transport the worlds most precious cargo" -oh, u drive a school bus? "LMAO Hell no! I'm a drug smuggler u nerd" Can you really take sticks and twigs and make them into clothing? Sew it wood seam
Why do cemeteries have fences? People are just dying to get in. If you hold the ocean up to your ear, it sounds just like a sea shell.
Do you ever start writing a status and half way through you're just like... nah A mathematician stumbles home drunk at 3 a.m. ...and his wife is livid. "You SWORE that you'd be home by 11:45!" "No," slurs the mathematician... "I said I'd be home by a quarter of 12."
Q: Do you know about the book about copyright infringement? A: It had legal binding. I always tell my kids to stay in school... but they keep fucking coming back.
The quickest way to a woman's heart is with a scalpel, a bonesaw, a chest spreader, & ten cc's of nothing to lose. Did you "ask" me or "axe" me? Because seriously...... one is murder.
I like my women like I like my wine. Twelve years old and locked in a cellar. A man submitted a joke about alligators with ED to a pun competition... But it caiman second.
How do sheep in Mexico say Merry Christmas? Fleece Navidad! What can blow your Mind? A Brain Prostitute! (Maybe a repost though I haven't seen it)
Dust bunnies are great pets because they thrive on neglect. I disagree, but I respect your right to be stupid.!
What type of wife always knows where her husband is? A widow What kind of dog chases anything red ? A bull dog !
What's the difference between Santa and a jew? Santa goes down the chimney, the Jews go up. I see from the Before and After pictures that not only did she lose weight using the product, it also gave her a tan, makeup, and a smile.
"Its not you. Its me." ~ twins going through a photo album Reading a Chinese newspaper is like looking at 1,000 douchebag tattoos at once.
Everybody wants to be wanted, except maybe fugitives. Ginger Ale tastes so much worse outside an airplane.
"How long have you been chopping wood for?" "I'm not sure, I'll check the logs" What do you call it when Wonder Woman does too many drugs? Heroine overdose
imagine getting a bj and the person's hair gets stuck in your chain wallet -What do you think I should buy, a cow or a bike? _You'd look pretty funny riding a cow...but you'd look much worst milking a bike
So there were a lot of celebrities at the DNC including Alicia Keys and Katy Perry. Hillary was excited because they are on her iPod. Bill was excited because they were on his to-do list. And I thought I had issues. - Me, 36 seconds after signing up on twitter.
How did the Linux admin commit assault? He sudo bashed someone. Why did the spelling bee champ have to go to rehab? He was hooked on phonics.
Q: Where would an eccentric beverage go if it wanted to watch married couples fight and read high quality humor columns? A: To the Drink Quirks Wed Fight. "Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain." - me, peeping at you in the shower
What do you call a friendly Mancunian midwife? Ultra sound I'm obsessed with you. Not like peak through your window obsesseHEY I LIKE THAT DRESS WEAR THAT ONE
There are 10 kinds of people in the world... Those who know binary and those who don't. Whenever someone says "you know who you are," I always wonder if it's me and I don't realize it.
The doctor asked if I was sexual active. I shook my head and said "Not in front of the wife". Why did the lights go out? Because they liked each other.
When 2 Chainz doesn't want to be recognized he just takes off one chain. The number one problem in the world today is apathy. But who cares?
[soup kitchen] *homeless man is handed a plate* What the hell is this? -Turkey bacon. *throws tray against wall* I'm hungry! Not desperate! I bet if a renaissance artist traveled through time to a modern museum, they'd be like: "Uh-oh. Someone leaked my nudes."
Comcast opens an airline. The airplane only goes full speed to certain, partner airports and if the airplane flies further than expected, you're charged per mile. Why are spiders good swimmers ? They have webbed feet !
It's Friday! I'm as happy as a newborn in a topless bar! Where does the pervert keep the underwear he steals? In his briefcase!
[showing my 4yo a Slinky] me: look, it's walking down the stairs kid: what else can it do me: literally nothing I hate it when you have to be nice to someone you really want to throw a brick at.
My girl has been eating a lot of Mexican fast food and gaining tons of weight lately, but I'll never stop loving her She's my Taco Belle Happy Groundhog Day everybody!!! So put your little hand in mine and there ain't no hill or mountain we can't climb...
Music star Kenny Rogers announced his retirement yesterday. In other news, Kenny Rogers is still alive, apparently. Me: yeah was bingo the name of the dog or the farmer Professor: i meant questions about the exa- holy shit
A Meteorologist's best subject is small talk. They only talk about the weather. I'm like a kid. People like me best when I'm quiet or sleeping.
I never wanna "touch base" with anyone, I type it in emails to sound business-y. My attorney likes to earn from my mistakes.
What did the coach say to his star player after he pissed his pants? Hey man urine I don't get nervous if I'm surrounded by beautiful women. I know they're all too busy hating each other to notice me.
What did Princess Fiona call her husband when she found him in the middle of a gay orgy? Bishrekual Just went to a dance for mentally handicapped people It was basically one big slow dance.
If I call you cupcake it's because I'm probably going to put my vanilla frosting on your forehead Mexican joke What do you call a Mexican without a car? Carlos
Why were the elephants thrown out of the swimming pool ? Because they couldn't hold their trunks up ! Why did the boat dock with the all of the other boats? Pier Pressure
Wtf neighbor I waved to you last week I've heard they are re-casting Two and a Half Men with 5 midgets.
Rain is just God listening to Bon Iver. What do I call my dick? Steve Harvey because it's rising right now
How do you help a woman going through menopause You hit menoplay Almost had a threeseom. All i needed was 2 more girls.
If I ever become a ghost, I sure hope they have some options other than pottery. *sees a car with a "how am i driving" bumper sticker* *calls the phone number* ME: buddy i think it's with a steering wheel
Past, Present, and Future walk into a bar. It was tense. Everybody knows that door handles spread disease but when I started a business to clean them and called it Knob Jobs all I got were creepy phone calls.
They're having a Jamaican hair-do day tomorrow at work. I'm dreading it. Wanna hear a joke about Kraft Macaroni and Cheese? I would tell you but its dangerously cheesy.
"Nice legs" *Swipes right* "Nice legs" *Swipes right* "Nice legs" *Swipes right* "Nice legs" *Swipes right* - Spider tinder Parallel lines have so much in common, It's a shame they'll never meet.
I learned that Honey Bees in the United States developed a form of electronics - they're called U.S. Bees. Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
A fat woman just served me at McDonalds... ... and said "Sorry about the wait". I replied and said "Don't worry, you'll lose it eventually". LIFE HACK: Make your waist feel dramatically smaller by accidentally trying on maternity pants.
two apples enter a bar... ...then I got sued by Apple 2 snowmen in field, one Turns to the other and says "can you smell carrot?"
The lady at the massage parlor asked if I wanted a happy ending, I said yes and then she proceeded to tell me the plot of Homeward Bound. A guy tries to save someone's life... He goes to donate blood, but he decided not to. The doctor told him it would be in vein.
You teabag But Chuck Norris potato sacks We got a tornado warning, and I'm too scared to open my windows. Don't want any sharks in my house.
What do you call a Dr. that shares your medical history with everyone? a HIPAAcrite Can Feburary March? No. But April May
The problem with feminists... The problem with feminists is that they don't stop talking and I just want to fuck them. What does the Pope use to dry his hands? Papal towels.
The shortest distance between two points is always closed due to some bullshit construction that should've been finished a year ago. Do you know the difference between a cheeseburger and a blowjob? (No- what?) Want to get lunch sometime?
Police headquarters was broken into last night. All the toilets were stolen. Investigators have nothing to go on. Saying 'I'm sorry' and 'I apologise' mean the same thing.. .. except when at a funeral.
Me: What's the point if it's not a little violent, dirty? I wanna feel alive. The blood makes me feel ALIVE. Dentist: Please just floss more Sometimes I do things to children that they're too young to understand... ...such as teaching them calculus and microbiology.
I drop it like it's an expensive electronic device I've recently purchased. A builder came up to me. He said, "Do you know how to make a fruit stand?" "Yes," I said. "You just have to balance it on a flat surface."
How do you assemble a computer? Bit by bit. You could make dinner for a toddler, or you could just cut out the middle man & throw away a plate of food and squirt ketchup on the dog.
Fish Cakes A guy walks into a bar with a Salmon under his arm and says, "Do you sell fish cakes here?" Bartender: No we don't. Guy: That's a shame... it's his birthday. What day do most mothers give birth? Labor day.
Lawyers really aren't so bad, it's just ninety-nine percent of lawyers that make the rest look bad. How do rhinos like their eggs? Poached.
Man comes to psychologist's office He kicks the door open, enters, leans above the desk, and staring psychologist in the eyes says: "Now, tell me, bald ugly little man, why I don't have any friends?" Amy Winehouse's final album was "recorded before her death." Thanks for the clarification.
My friend started jogging so he'd live longer. He got hit by a bus and died the next day. I have so much pubic hair I can start a cattle ranch
One of my oldest friends is my receding hairline... We go way back. COP: "Sir, do you know why I pulled you over?" ME: "It was way easier than solving a murder?"
Who is the richest person in the Bible? The Pharao's daughter. She went to the bank of the Nile to pick up a little prophet. I asked a Jewish girl for her number... She rolled up her sleeve
Jogging, but with a car. Ever heard the one about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac? He lay awake at night wondering if there really was a dog.
Always helpful... Before I criticize a man, I walk a mile in his shoes. That way, if he gets angry, he's a mile away and barefoot. Let's talk about Sex Baby. I regret you naming our son that. You're a real piece of shit, Tammy.
Asians be like... ay bb u wan sum duck? You look dirty, so does your toaster maybe you should both go for a bath... I'll draw it
What did the racist chess player say? All Rook same! I went to handshake someone and he basically just gripped my thumb and I'm never going to be popular
[At a bar] Guy: Did it hurt? Me: What? G: When you fell walking in. I saw you fall on your face. Everyone saw. How do Filipinos count money?  One-a two-a three-a four-a another-a ...
You know its Monday when your left eye wont open and your right eye is twitching. [5-year-old and 3-year-old scream at each other] Me: Is that how your mom and I settle arguments? 5: You want me to sleep on the couch?
Eating cheese right off the block then realizing you've eaten too much so you eat a bunch of chips makes it like nachos, right? Hey, fellas If your mule ate my prize winning bird, what would you have? My 3 foot cock in your ass!
Girls use lotion for hands Boys use lotion for skin. ME: [in santa costume, covered in chimney soot] that was hard. how does santa do it WIFE: well santas not real, hun ME: [drops cookie] WHAT
It's taken me ages... ...but I've finally finished reading Stephen Hawking's book. It's about time. Do you know what happens when gay marriage is legalized? BREAKING NEWS: California's drought is over. Water supply flourishing from the tears of the racist, homophobic, and conservative southerners
Why do Asians prefer Sony? Because it's a stereo type I farted in church today..... I farted in church today and four people spun around in their seats and looked at me. I felt like I was on the Voice!
How do you make a tissue dance ? Put a little boogie in it ! There is an Arab boy lost in the grocery store... The manager of the store walks up to the boy and asks "what does your mother look like?" The boy replies " I don't know".
A fart is just a turd honking for the right of way. Yep A Buddhist monk walks up to a Hotdog vender and says "Make me one with everything"
Snowman in the summer What do you call a snowman in the summer? "A puddle" You want to know what marriage is like? Think of a prison... Now don't change anything.
A man and a woman walk into an elevator The man asks the woman, can I smell your feet? The woman looks at him with disgust and says no. The man says, it must be your vagina then. Mute goes to a wedding... After the ceremony he won't let go of his dick and everyone's a little put off by his public display. With his free hand, he signs "Speak now or forever hold your peace".
Why did the man get sent to jail? Black male Did you hear about the man trapped in a nun's body? His name is God.
Want to know why fish tanks are stupid They don't even have a military. At first I didn't know how to dig a trench but then I got to the bottom of it.
If you're American when you enter the bathroom, and American when you exit the bathroom, what are you while you're IN the bathroom? European. Internet went down last night My neighbour added a password
Mother: Why did you just swallow the money I gave you? Son: Well you did say it was my lunch money! But if two men get married, they'll BOTH be stupid in detergent commercials and then no one will buy the correct detergent.
I kinda want Hillary to win the US election Just for the sheer irony of her sitting at the desk Monica was under. 60% of African American girls agree to giving me a blowjob I guess you could call it a 3/5's compromise
What do you call a mexican who lost his car. Carlos What does my physics professor have in common with Gandalf? YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!!
How does a Muslim close a door? Islams it! Which mafia boss came with all the dlc? John Goty
shoot for the moon, even if u miss u'll forever be the one peopel point at and whispre "thats the idiot who shot literal bulets at the moon" Yo mama is so Black that she went to the funeral naked!
Never end a tweet with a question mark. People will talk to you. I wipe my ass like I drive... Only stop on red
I just assume everyone on my Christmas list has been naughty. Makes things simpler. If you made a triangle with sticks... would it be twigonometry?
Who's the biggest slut ever? Mrs. Pacman--for 25 cents that bitch swallowed balls till she died. Q: How many Stuntmen does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Five. One to screw it in and four to tell him how bitchin' he looked doing it.
I've got a new aardvark. Would you like to play with him? I don't really know. I've heard it growling it doesn't sound very friendly. Does it bite? That's what I want to find out. Why does a fetus have more rights than a women? Because a fetus still have a chance to become a Man
why do they throw shit at a pakistani wedding? keeps the flies away from the bride Snowballs Q: What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? A: Snowballs.
I like my coffee how I like my women... Cold. Fruit roll ups I went to the supermarket and asked a clerk if they had fruit roll ups, he then called his gay manager to hug me.
If history has taught me anything, it's that the person with the loudest, wettest cough will always sit down beside me in a waiting room. What do you call an angry paraplegic? A steamed vegetable.
They call me Metal Gear Because my snake is solid The Blonde Waitress Customer: Can I have some coffee without cream please? Blonde Waitress: We are fresh out of cream, sir. Can I bring you coffee without milk instead?
In an attempt to build some exercise into my daily routine, I've put the biscuits on a higher shelf. Boy, I'm gonna be sore tomorrow. Father, pardon, excuse, exonerate, absolve, acquit, forgive me, for I have synonymed.
What do you call 4 condoms? For me, a year's supply. Im making a fortune promoting home security systems.All I do is say "Hello".At 3 in the morning sitting at the end of their bed.
Humpty Dumpty fell off the wall and sued the construction company for using poor material for building the wall I'm more of an amateur bater. I agree, I need more practice.
People who tie their sweaters around their necks look like they were giving somebody a piggyback ride before the person got Raptured. Two hillbillies were playing chess..
My sister bet me 200 dollars I couldn't build a car out of spaghetti... You should've seen the look on her face as I drove pasta! I saw that show locked up abroad. I expected to see more than just a women getting locked up. But that's all it was, that show is so literal.
What happened to the tasty noun? Verbatim. The problem with being gay It's a pain in the ass
Ok gas pump, enough! Credit or debit? Zip code? Reward Card? Car Wash? Receipt? What octane? It takes less buttons to launch a nuke! Two twins are looking through a family photo album "It's not you, it's me" They both say in unison.
My 4-year-old is playing doctor with her baby dolls. She walked by a minute ago holding just a leg. Surgery didn't go well. Whenever I see a hot girl on the streets I'm like HOLY CRAP I'M OUTSIDE.
Aragorn: If I can protect you, I will. You have my sword Legolas: And you have my bow Gimli: and my axe Steve: and my 439 Twitter followers My car starts to hydroplane. I let go & whisper, "Do it. Become the plane you've always dreamed of. I love you." *Soft kiss*
[Last supper] Jesus: Same time next week guys? *they all nod* Judas: I'll book a table for 12 Jesus: you mean 13 Judas: yeah..13, I meant 13 My girlfriend wants me to take her to Paris, and treat her like a princess The only thing is, I don't know which to pick: the guillotine or the Mercedes.
Who is fastest girl in the world? Answer: Airtel 4G girl. James Bond walks into a bar... James Bond walks into a bar and sits next to a chicken. Chicken: What's your name? Bond: My name's Bond. James Bond. Chicken: Nice to meet you, I'm Ken. Chick Ken.
Googles "what happens if you accidentally eat raw cookie dough" [5 minutes later] "twice" Why do black people only have nightmares? Because we killed the only one with a dream.
What do you call Christopher Walken when he is sitting? Christopher Sitten How do you troll someone? Make them wipe their screen because they think text is a smudge.
What is a prostitutes favorite food? Anything but blue waffles. Mad Libs inventor died today of POOPING. He is survived by his PIZZA CHEESE and his LAWN DARTS. He will be A DINOSAUR.
The best thing about the Earth is if you poke holes in it oil and gas come out. Who is never hungry at Christmas ? The turkey - he's always stuffed !
Girl hey what's up? Boy if i tell you, will you sit on it? Sex is like a misdmeanor, the kore i miss it, the meaner i get. Q: Two musicians are walking down the street and one says to the other "Who was that piccolo I saw you with last night?" A: The other replies "That was no piccolo that was my fife."
What is a water bottle's favorite game to play? Follow the litre. There is this new awesome technology to do group chats... It's called "put your damn phone away and join the conversation!"
How do you know when it's time to get a new dishwasher? When the old one expects you to "do your share" What's the best city to search the World Wide Web in? Rome.
Two nuns are riding their bikes somewhere... One of the nuns says "I've never come this way before!" Other nun says "Must be the cobblestones." What do women and hurricanes have in common? When they come, they're wet and wild. When they leave, they take your house and your car
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? Dont be silly, feminists cant change anything. Why do we drive on parkways when we park  on driveways?
Why do Arabs wear thawbs? Goats can hear a zipper from a mile away. Women always say they want security... When I'm around.
I had a reaction to some nuts the other day.. "These are a bit hairy." What's an owl's favourite pin code? 2820!!!!!!!!
Dear toilet paper makers, We've all unexpectedly run out at some point. Please make the tube in the middle softer. Sincerely, Our asses. Few things in life are more pleasurable than turning off the lights in a public bathroom while people are still inside
How to mess with people To REALLY mess with people, try drinking Gatorade from a Windex bottle. Why is Man Utd's chemistry lacking? Because they are held together by weak van den Gaal's forces.
Why are chickens racist? They are all in the Coop Clucks Clan What kind of soap do Middle Eastern citizens use? Arab spring
Girls wait for the perfect guy: Disney's fault. Guys wait for the perfect girl: Playboy's fault. Duck walks into a pharmacy and asks for some lip balm. "Certainly sir, will that be cash or credit?" "Just put it on my bill."
How did the captain of the u-boat announce to his crew that there were no more passports to go around? This sub has officially run out of IDs. what's green and floats? a leaf
Oscar Pistorius has the worst alibi ever. Who the hell would break into your house to rob your bathroom? Uncle Frank's will stipulates he be cremated & his ashes added to the vegetable water sprayers at the local grocery store. He will be mist.
BREAKING: Pot calls kettle "black". "Racial tension at boiling point" says mayor of kitchen cupboard I'm a masochist. I downvote myself.
Michael J. Fox is extremely formal... ...he even shakes hands with his wife. I'd also tell you a joke about how my balls hang. . . But that's too low.
What did the Dog say to the Chipmunk? Woof. I came up with a movie idea. A man's daughter is abducted. This man has has a unique set of skills and goes on a revenge rampage. But the idea was taken.
"I like my women how I like my sunglasses... Sitting on my face..." I saw a girl texting while driving the other day.. it really pissed me off, so I rolled down my window and threw my beer at her.
Whats faster then a Aboriginal with a TV? His son with the xbox. Where is Macau located? In MaFarm
A college grad offers her boss sex for a raise j/k she doesn't have a job. They took my mood ring... ...and I don't know how i feel about it.
This afternoon, I was attacked by a group of gay men. I didn't know how to escape. I had to beat them off left and right Hands down half 6 is my favourite time of day.
Why isn't there golf in the Paralympics? Because it would be really awkward asking what their handicap was. Chicks... ...they only get laid once.
Whats the difference between a watermelon and a baby? One is fun to smash with a sledgehammer and the other one is a watermelon How do you comfort a grammar nazi? Pat him or her on the back and say, "Their, they're..."
How do you know when there is a bassist at your door? He can't find the key and doesn't know when to come in. What do you call a policeman with blonde hair ? A fair cop !
What fruit did Hillary grind up in her juicer? 13 blackberries and 5 apples The person who came up with "happily ever after" probably didn't realize humans would live longer than 34 years.
I told my Mexican student to turn in his essay He said "I ain't no snitch!". I'm selling my Theremin.... I haven't touched it in years.
Where do dogs shop for groceries? Wagmans. what type of shoes do artists wear? sketchers
How does Hitler tie his shoes? In little Nazis. Just bought some local farm-fresh free-range artisanal organic grass-fed hormone-free something or other that makes me better than you.
On your way to hell, there will be a 6-year-old pushing a shopping cart one foot behind you. Happiness is like peeing in your pants ...everyone can see it, but only you can feel its warmth.
It's fun being a philosophy major I get to reflect on why I can't pay for food I love Alfredo sauce. Unless you're a dude named Alfredo.
What did the animal control officer ask the Hawaiian dancer? Hula the dogs out? Some coworkers remind me of my ex, because I would jump in front of a bus to get out of a conversation with them too.
I got arrested for punching this guy at a new years party... When you hear an arab counting down from ten your instincts kick in. "we can put a man on the moon but ___________" (insert issue that is vastly different)
A slightly drunk woman is watching tv... She yells, "Don't go there! Don't go up the stairs! Don't go into the church you dumb bitch!" Her husband asks, "What are you watching?" "Our wedding video." Did u guys know u can smoke Newports on Delta flights
If you really want to impress me with the year a bottle of wine was made, bring me one from 2024.... A pirate walks into a bar and the bartender says... "What's with the steering wheel on the front of your pants?" The pirate says, "Argh!! I don't know but it's driving me testicles!!!"
Knock Knock Who's there ? Chopin ! Chopin who ? Chopin the supermarket ! what's worse than having a cold right before a job interview ? the holocaust
I &lt;3 W... Valentine's day TXT message you send twins if you are unsure which one you are sending the message. What's the difference between /r/jokes and your mom? Your mom is funny.
BISON DAD: good bye, son. BISON SON: thank you, dad. Q: What did the snail say as he rode on the back of a turtle? A: Wheeee!
Pretty sure that Twitter is not one of the seven habits of highly effective people. What do you get when you cross Holy Water with castor oil? A religious movement!
50 SHADES OF CHARLES HUNNAM Its been reported that actor Charles Hunnam has dropped out of the movie,"50 Shades of Grey" because of cold feet. You can't blame him, cold feet can lead to shrinkage What's the difference between awkward and awful? Awkward is finding your mom on Tinder, awful is matching with her
What do you call a Russian, homophobic, golfer? Vladimir Putting They should put a statue of me next to the Statue of Liberty so immigrants know the American Dream is hit or miss.
Why aren't football stadiums built in outer space? Because there is no atmosphere! Just went for a piss while still wearing my microphone and the whole conference heard me call the urinal a "thirsty boy"
kid theres no such thing as bad publicity. like you would think if a big article came out saying you suck shit it would be bad, but its good What separates the men from the boys? Operation Yewtree.
Gene Therapy The act of watching Gene Wilder films to cope with the loss of Gene Wilder. This is the place for wordplay, right? Why did Newton's wife got pregnant? Because he doesn't believe in using quantum
Protip: Never take your wife with you to your annual checkup. She will tell the doctor way too much about you. A survey found one in five women have ended a relationship because their significant other was too busy playing video games.
A magic tractor was driving down a country road... When suddenly it turned into a field! Why shouldn't you drink at a math party? Because you shouldn't drink and derive.
Why is Klezmer music so addictive? Once you Hava Nagila, you'll want another! I was going to say a gay joke but fuck it.
Pretty sure Zinedine Zidane never forgave his parents for all the waiting he had to do for his attendance call in school. Why are sergeants so successful in physical contests? Three stripes, you rout.
We should really use the blackjack scale to rate women. For example: "Every girl here is ugly" "Well, what about her? " "Eh, she's like a 15 or 16. Not sure if I'd hit it" What is CC Sabathia's favorite inning to pitch in baseball? The bottom of the fifth
Did you guys hear about the C++ developer that wanted to become a famous actor? He kept getting type cast. Girls hope you celebrated Valentines Day responsibly, or you'll be celebrating Thanksgiving in a maternity ward
I don't care what people think of me. At least mosquitoes find me attractive. You know what's worse than your tribal tattoo? The story about why you got it.
Two antennas met on a roof... they fell in love, and decided to get married. The ceremony wasn't great, but the reception was excellent. How do sheep greet each other at Christmas  ? A merry Christmas to ewe
I once knew a girl who confused a tube of KY jelly... for a tube of super glue. I asked her how it happened... her lips were sealed. What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew? One gets a badge for lighting stuff on fire, while the other gets a badge for being lit on fire.
You know why you shouldn't eat spaghetti late at night? Because it'll keep you up Pasta you bedtime. Just farted and it sounded like Louis Armstrong saying the word "blueberry" with his mouth full.
:*  `*twinkle twinkle little star...point me to the nearest bar *  `*:. HAPPY FRIDAY!!!!! What do you call a cow stuck in a hurricane? A milkshake.
Confucius say its good to meet girl in the park ...But its better to park meat in the girl. As my friend confessed, "My teenage daughter never even talks to me," I struggled to conceal my jealousy.
A guy I know calls women's periods "shark week." I asked him why, and he told me "Beware of blood in the water. The fearsome beast will bite your head clean off, unprovoked, when you least expect it." [texting] WIFE: need to talk when u get home ME: about what WIFE: too much to text just wait till u get home ME: *never goes home*
The guy who proofread Hitler's speeches was a Grammar Nazi. Me: *to dog* what should I wear today bud? Dog: *pants*
[God creating the frog] "How about a really stupid-looking kangaroo fish?" Did you hear that they are building massive oscillating blades in New York? I wasn't a big fan of the idea
What happened to Mr. Chin after all 10 of his children disappeared? He developed a ten Chin deficit disorder. What do you call an Irish man who won't leave your porch? Paddy O' furniture
What do you call a group of pigs? A precinct. Why do people even like anal? It's fucking shit.
The first couple months of the year go by quickly. February just Marches on. Cleaning the Attic Four fonts walk into a bar the barman says ''Hey - get out! We don't want your type in here!''
Being a dog with no legs - it's no walk in the park Pinocchio When did Pinocchio learn he was made of wood? when his hand caught fire!!
I try to accomplish epic missions before the microwave hits zero. What is the difference between rat poison and diet coke? Diet coke has better advertising.
what do you call a racist Mexican a member of the que que que Shoplifting or rape If you have sex with a prostitue and pay with a cheque that bounces is it shoplifting or rape?
Yo momma Is so ugly, she has masturbate with a bag over her head. Count Chocula cereal is the perfect combination of breakfast and fear.
Q: How many bluegrass musicians does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Two. One to screw it in and one to complain that it's electrified. I'd do well in a zombie apocalypse because I'm near sighted, get cramps if I don't get enough potassium and my only skill is googling things
So, Helena Bonham Carter and Tim Burton have split up! It's a bit of a Nightmare before Christmas. If your dog is barking at the back door and your wife is yelling at the front door, who do you let in first? The dog, of course. He'll shut up once you let him in.
What is Harry Potter's favorite way to get down a hill? Walking. J.k, rolling. *Snoop walks into a classroom* Snoop: Tell me about the Big Bong Theory Teacher: It's the Big Bang Theory *Snoops walks out disappointed*
Avenge me! But only through passive aggressively commenting loudly around my murderer how great it would be to still have me alive. Did you hear about the wooden car with the wooden engine, the wooden doors and the wooden chassis? It wooden go.
I wonder if Einstein thought of his theory of general relativity... in New York's Time Squared... I forgot :( Whilst climbing in the roof space to get down the kids Christmas gifts, I found a present I'd forgotten last year. Such a shame - they would have loved that puppy.
This day in history. 1961. In Spain the fascist government of Generalissimo Francisco Franco declared equal rights for women and men. None. I've decided my tweets sound better when I say them so instead of tweeting I'm just gonna call all of you when I think of stuff.
My girlfriend hate when i call her fat And now she want us to break up so i said : What about the baby. Dear women, you're all fucking crazy. Signed, every dude.
To all sluts !! Please regulate your whoremones !! Viagra Tea Does nothing for your sexual vigour, but stops your biscuit going soft.
Relationship Status: we made our marriage counselor cry. What's the slipperiest country? Greece!
(Serious) What do you think Michael Hastings was working on before he died? slowing down his car. ... ... shoutout to r/conspiracy for this one. Who is the Gorillas' favourite  playwright? Eugene O'Neill - who wrote 'The Hairy Ape!'
Your "poetic" tweets would be so much better if Adele hadn't thought of them first You did yoga. You didn't negotiate a peace treaty. Stop walking around like that.
My wife said she wanted to do it missionary style, so I forced her to change religions and gave her smallpox. What should you do if you find a snake sleeping  in your bed ? Sleep in the wardrobe !
Next time someone says "Thanks!" reply: "You're welx!". It's a cool new abbreviation I made up you can use. Make sure to attribute it to me. My ex-girlfriend once said "It's either me or Twitter." I wonder how she's doing.
In the past, when you were angry with someone you fought them. Now you just delete them off Facebook. That'll teach 'em to fuck with you. What did one dairy cow say to another? Got milk?
DJ: "MARRIED PEOPLE IN THE CLUB TONIGHT MAKE SOME NOOOIISE!" *Groans* *Sobs* *sighs* *a solitary gunshot* My children annoy me so I'm leaving everything in my will to a nap I took in 2007.
What do you call a hooker that was shot by a sniper? 360 hoscope How many fat people does it take to get a subreddit banned? [This post has been banned for your protected - Ellen Pao] ^^^NINJAEDIT: ^^^Just ^^^one
Joke Did you hear about the man who stoke a bed Some people say I dream too much, I say it's just because my life is better than their dreams are.
I wonder what my dog named me. How do you stop Carlos Santana from molesting your children? You put a guitar in his hands.
I once had a small part in a porn movie. It was cold that day. When my boss is mad and takes it out on me, I do less work. Can't reward bad behavior with a positive response. Training works both ways
ok i'll bite.. what is Britain I've just been refused entry to the National Alzheimer's conference. "Do you know who I am?" I shouted.
If someone knocks on your door, knock back from the other side. That someone will go away. It works. Trust me, I just tried it this morning. Trump is asked what his position on women's issues Trump replies "Look, I know a lot of women and they all have issues"
Why do they ask you if you would like paper or plastic at the grocery store? Because baggers can't be choosers, By law, you are required to turn on your headlights if it's raining in Sweden. How the hell am I supposed to know if it's raining in Sweden?
How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool why don't melons run away to get married? because they cantaloupe
I found a rock yesterday which measured 1760 yards in length. Must be some kind of milestone. "Pardon me miss, but would you mind moving out of the way?" --Polite Ludacris
I was trying to make a joke about leprechauns... ...but I came up short. if you eat your burrito over a tortilla, anything that falls out will simply start building your next burrito
I wonder if racist families have that one liberal uncle who gets drunk at Thanksgiving and goes on about how Obama is DEFINITELY American. What do you call conjoined dolphins Dual porpoise
I was trying to convince my friend to go fishing the other day. It took a while to convince her, but then she finally agreed and had fun fishing. She eventually fell for it hook, line, and sinker. I was gonna make a gay joke... But Fuck that
I just want a woman who has a great sense of humor about being a supermodel. Mt. Everest has lost its record status ... ... now that a British astronaut is Earth's highest Peake.
Whaat do you get when you cross a Swede and a Norwegian? A socialist who wants to be king! Any subreddits to help you cope with schizophrenia? Asking for a friend
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass. (Haven't seen this on here, hope its not a repost.) Confucius say... Man who go to bed with sex in mind, wake up with solution in hand.
[True Love's gf on 7th day of Christmas, forcing smile] awww Swans! how sweet! thx hon, these 7 birds will go nicely with the other 16 birds Nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Did u hear about the prostitute with no legs? She's selling it for half off. Putting the dog down today. Gonna start by telling him he has a big nose.
Yeah, hi, I'd like 500 pizzas over the course of the next 10 years delivered to wherever I am in the world, thanks. The nice thing about being a pessimist is that in the end you are either pleasantly surprised or you have the satisfaction of knowing you were right all along.
My thoughts are as pure as snow... after the trucks have driven hard and plowed through it. So if Mary had Jesus, and Jesus was the Lamb of God... ... Does that mean Mary had a little lamb?
I wonder if Satan ever gets tired of getting Xmas letters from dyslexic kids. dumbledore: our enchanted ceiling shows us wat the sky outside looks like mcgonagall: so...a magic glass ceiling dumbledore: [starts sweating]
What the sound of a rainbow laughing? Hue hue hue hue Sometimes when I'm sad, I'll go to the park and, from a distance, look thru my thumb and index finger and begin squishing people's heads...
I auditioned for a role in Star Wars: The Force Awakens Unfortunately, I was a white male. What's the difference between magic and black magic? Black magic doesn't work.
Mom, am I ugly? "Of course not, honey. You have everything a man wants, a deep voice, broad shoulders, facial hair..." What is that the more you desire, the less you can get? Beautiful girls.
What was Sisyphus's favourite type of music? Rock 'n' Roll A man walks into a bar... His friends ducked.
Anita Sarkeesian and Zoe Quinn walk into the UN.. Then proceed to lecture them on bullying. I fucked up making my coffee today \#nofilter
How do you keep an idiot in suspense? I'll tell you next Friday. I just got fired for putting my penis in the pickle slicer at the restaurant where I work She only got docked a week's pay
Why did the tofu cross the road? To prove it wasn't chicken. &gt;:| Why did so many jews die at Auschwitz? Because the exit doors were coin operated.
[at a spelling bee] Judge: Your word is SPELL. Witch: *mumbles something under her breath* Judge: Ribbit What do you call a slow hurricane? A slowicane.
My dentist told me I grind at night I was unaware he even saw me at the club What Should I Do Today? Eat A Bomb?Nuke A Toaster?Ride Nyan Cat Into Space?Bomb ISIS?Oh Theres Just So Much You Can Do!
Jokes about abusive parents... ...just hit too close to home. I heard this amazing joke the other day, made me laugh so hard. Unfortunately I seem to have forgotten it.
Can't be an atheist after getting in a subway car with no a/c because u now know hell is real Every horse you've ever seen has two people inside them. Horses aren't real. Commitment is.
A wife gets naked... ...and asks her husband, 'What turns you on more! my pretty face or my sexy body?' Husband looks her up and down for a moment and replies, 'Your sense of humor.' *looks at crushed dead raccoon on the side of the road* i'm thinking Arby'sTM
Why did the chicken of the sea cross the road? Because a tuna can! LPT: Never hold your farts in. They travel up your spine into your brain,and that's where shitty ideas come from.
You should never bully fat people.... They have enough on their plates A grown man smelling like baby powder stood next to me today. My maternal instincts have never been so confused.
Q: Why are all blacks fast? A: The slow ones are in jail. A double-amputee walks into a bar Then he remembers he's already legless and walks out again.
Every religion has violent people... ... The Christians have The Westboro Baptist Church, the Muslims have the jihadists, and the Jews have the IRS How much does it cost for a pirate to get their ears pierced? A Buccaneer.
POLLY GETS A CRACKER WHEN HE STOPS REFERRING TO HIMSELF IN THE THIRD PERSON, and not a moment before. Stupid bird. What did the elephant say to the man? Cute, but how do you pick up peanuts with it?
I fired a man named Diarrhea today... His shit wasn't together I just took the Bruce Lee of dumps. It fucked my ass all up.
What do you call an acid with an attitude? A-mean-oh acid What my girlfriend thought, first 4 dates : 1. Nice shirt 2. Wow, a second nice shirt. 3. Okay, first shirt again. 4. He has two shirts.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Courtney Pine ! Courtney Pine who ? Courtney Pine tables I need a new one ! [gf comes home after spray tanning] Hey, orange you looking good! "Thanks" Anytime, pumpkin! "You're sweet" You're one in vermillion!
Opinions are like assholes... Everyone has one, but they all stink. Apparently I pack an apple in my 5 year old's lunch so it can get out of the house for a few hours.
The jokes on you Doctor: "I'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live." Patient: "What do you mean, 10? 10 what? Months? Weeks?!" Doctor: "Nine." *First Date* Me: *Flirting* You have to promise not to fall in love with me. Him: There's cheese in your hair. And we haven't eaten yet.
Whosoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office is in big trouble... You have my Word. What's the difference between a weasel and a stoat? One's weasily recognised - the other's stoatally different
My dad keeps throwing erasers at me... My dad keeps throwing erasers at me and I finally snapped, "Why dad!" he replied "the first rubber I used didn't get rid of my mistake, maybe this one will" Dear guys wearing skinny jeans, I... Can't.... Breathe.... Sincerely, your damn balls.
I was going to have an edging tournament with some friends... ...but nobody came. What do you call a bearded gardener? Hairy Potter
What's the difference between you and a mallard with a cold? One's a sick duck and.... ....I can't remember how it ends, but your mother's a whore. I thought I really understood what I was thinking, and then I spoke.
GOD: Go forth, my tiny friends! ANTS: Hooray! ANGEL: Ok next creation ... The anteater. ANTS: The what now? Sorry about your street cred, black guys named Milton.
I'm not positive, but I think when you say you're "over" something, YOU STOP TALKING ABOUT IT. What's the hardest thing about being a pedophile? Just trying to fit in, really.
How do you stop rape? **NSFW** Consent. Volkswagen How many Jews Can you fit in a Volkswagen? 2 in the front, 3 in the back, and 6 million in the ashtray
What kind of dog doesn't do well in hot weather?  A faint Bernard! What is the difference between the Christmas  alphabet and the ordinary alphabet? The Christmas alphabet has NO EL.
Remember that time when we got trapped on a ski-lift for 4 days, then the acid wore off and we were just sitting on my grandmas porch-swing. Where was Timmy when the bomb fell? Everywhere.
What's the difference between jam and jelly? I can't jelly my dick down your throat. What does a preverted frog say? Rubbit.
*muttered from inside a bear* "Go hiking," they said. The cops did a high-risk raid on a drug operation located at a barn I guess you could say it was a *high steak operation*
That's pretty cool that Mary Shelley wrote Heidi Montag's biography before she was even born. #Frankenstien The punchline comes first. How can you be sure that a comedian has traveled back in time?
Love is blind, only marriage opens your eyes. Choose a major you love and you won't have to work for a day in your life Because that major probably has no jobs (not an original)
What exactly is the difference between a New York City Park bathroom and a Law & Order crime scene? Why do people dislike the new iPhone 7 so much? It can't do jack shit.
My wife gave me the silent treatment for a week... It ended when I told her "We've been getting along really well lately". What do you call an aligator in a vest? investigator
I keep forgetting my passwords so I changed them all to one that's super easy for me to remember: InsufficientFundsContactYourBank00.00 My bathroom smells like somebody just took a shit when I walked out of it.
AIN'T NO PARTY LIKE A WINDOWS 7 PARTY 'CAUSE A WINDOWS 7 PARTY DON'T STFILE \$win_nt$.~bt\NTKRNLMP.EXE cannot be open error 7 What is the most affectionate type of chicken? The tender ones (Badum Tss)
What do you call a blind german guy? A not see. If you're in college, what do you do when your flatmate has an epileptic seizure in the bathtub? ...throw in your dirty laundry.
How did Jesus get so ripped? 39 lashes. "Did you hear about the $3,000,000 Maryland State Lottery? The winner gets $3 a year for a million years."
An Asian girl walks up to me in a bar. She says ***"Sex sex sex, free sex tonight!"*** Apparently she was giving me her number. "Liquor in the front, poker in the back" is not an acceptable tee shirt slogan for my church's charity poker team... I know that now.
What was Bob Marley's favourite font? Sans Sheriff! Did some stand up at a bird sanctuary... They were eating out of the palm of my hands.
Winrar is not free what is the most confusing day in the ghetto? father's day
What does a man say after sex? Nothing, he's happy and content with life. My friend bought a choir girl zombie costume for Halloween. She put it on and said, "Am I menacing?" I said, "Of course, you're a choir girl."
Are you from Mississippi? Cause you're the only miss I ssippi. (I have no clue) Saudi Arabia... ...is on the United Nations Human Rights Council.
A redhead tells her blonde stepsister... ..."I slept with a Brazilian...." The blonde replies, "Oh my God! You slut! How many is a brazilian?" The definition of mixed emotions... My mother-in-law driving of a cliff in my new car
What do you call a fat female assassin? A killer whale. What sex position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
Damn boy, are you fresh ground pepper? Coz you're kinda boring and you've been on top of everything. Phone on silent. 10 missed calls. Turns volume to loudest. Nobody calls All damn Day.
I have a weird quirk when watching Star Wars I wait for when someone is going to yell, "R2!" and yell out "Am not!" It was recently discovered that Pluto is not actually a dog.
What's a redneck's favorite type of bread? Inbred Ever hear the one about the deaf guy? Neither did he.
Our 2-year-old is entertaining everyone at the restaurant by screeching like a seagull every fifteen seconds. I used to go out with a Welsh girl who had 36DDs. I had no idea how to pronounce her name.
Stevie Wonder got a cheesegrater for Christmas. He said it was the most violent book he's ever read. I'm getting tired of riding to work from New Jersey to Manhattan with my neighbors I guess I'm getting Carpool Tunnel syndrome
Paddy wanted to buy a Labrador.. Mick said "Fuck that, have you seen how many of their owners go blind!" Q: What did one candle say to the other candle? A: Are you going out tonight?
My girlfriend told me that she had slept with 144 people before me. Now that's just gross. LISA GOPMAN: EATING DISORDER For as long as I can remember, I've had an eating disorder: reverse anorexia. It's when I look in the mirror and think I'm really skinny.
Jesus said that he'd get rid of evil people, whereas Norse gods said they'd get rid of frost giants. nnI don't see many frost giants around. What do you call a group of armed nuns enforcing the status quo? a force of habit
If Natalie Portman dated Jacques Cousteau they would win celebrity couple nicknaming forever with "Portmanteau." When I get heavier, I am actually easier to pick up. What am I? A woman
When the doctor prescribed the millennium a medical dog he was surprised the patient asked "how do i smoke it" 100% of Nickelback fans drive drunk.
Charlie Sheen walks into a bar... And orders a drink or two. Or three. Or four. And then gets into a barfight. [therapy] WIFE: he favors our son over our daughter ME: No way, I love whatsherface just as much as I love Johnny
I know it's not safe but our taxi driver keeps falling asleep at every light and it's getting hilarious I for one... ... love Roman numerals.
What did the physicists say when he accidentally broke his resistor?  my ghosh What's big and grey and protects you from the rain ? An umbrellaphant !
Thank you for calling. To speak with a human being, please hang up and travel back to the early 1990's. Ever want to have rodeo sex? Get on top and call her by the wrong name and try and hold on for 8 seconds.
How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, it's already screwed in! heh. *chirp* *chirp* Half of all marriages end in divorce... The other half end in death.
Where do guys who buy hookers, mountain lions, and cantelopes go for the summer? John Cougar Meloncamp An old joke I haven't heard in ages. Nothing says "We have no faith in our own products" like using a 16 year old girl in your anti-aging cream commercials.
The fun thing about wigs is when someone complements you on your hair, you can rip it off and say, "Here. Take it. No, I insist." Republicans say it's raining; Democrats say it's sunny. Rather than go outside and see for themselves, the media reports the controversy.
how to get a fat chick in bed... It's a piece of cake! I think a duck's opinion of me, is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread!
I have noticed that everyone who is for abortion, has already been born. What would you call the Fantastic Four if Snoop Dogg joined the team? The High Five
How do we create jobs? I thought he was already dead Yeah, I guess you could say I "rescued" my dog. I did stop him right before he was gonna start his own podcast
Relationship are like algebra... Do you ever look at your X and wonder Y? Your momma so fat... Her aides close lanes on the George Washington Bridge
What happens when you get more than you payed for with a Mexican Gigolo? The second coming of Jesus. "I love my Job!" -Job's wife
What did the bra say to the toupee? You go on ahead, I'll hold these two up. TRUMP: Let's get that Muslim Band going "Band? We thought you said ban" TRUMP: No way, that's harsh. Also, how's that Mexican mall coming?
Fun way to prank Jesus is to invite him snorkeling haha he'd be stuck on top walking on the water while ur underneath having all the fun I doubt my inferiority complex is as good as everyone else's
What do you call a hypnotist that works with wealthy children during the summer? an heir conditioner. I wish young people would stop idealising future dystopias and start enjoying the one they're in.
Things that are better left unsaid 1. 2. 3. What do you call a man standing up to his knees in water? Wade
My wife is so married that she even stopped blowing out the candles on her birthday cake cause she doesn't want me gettin' any ideas. I was going to tell a joke about sodium... But then I said "Na, I'll do it later."
What's the difference between an elected official and a piece of garbage? Garbage gets thrown out. If you combined all the movies of Rob Schneider and made them into one single movie, it would be an extremely long movie.
Did you hear about the abstinent lenses? They never came in contact. I ate way too many freedom fries yesterday. I had to liberate the toilet for hours.
What's the difference between a boy scout and a jew? The boy scout comes home from camp. I made a website for Kids' jokes. But for some reason people seem hesitant to go to kidslaughter.com
The fact that we're not calling stepdads "faux pas," seems like a missed opportunity. Yo mama so fat... ... slapping her belly causes gravitational waves. OR ... every step she takes causes a ripple in special relativity.
Pick the odd one out... Pick the odd one out: eggs, meat, wife, blowjob. You can beat your eggs, you can beat your meat, you can beat your wife, but you can't beat a blow job I was fighting with my wife over the arrangement of the dining-room furniture. I thought I had won but when I got home from work the tables were turned.
"You're what you eat" So when will your mum become me? All the jokes about iPhone 6S are just slightly improved jokes about iPhone 6.
Why is Empire Strikes Back the best Star Wars movie? It's a perfect 5/7. Two men broke into a drugstore and stole all the Viagra... The police are on the lookout for two hardened criminals...
When I die I want my tombstone to read, "Did stuff". Where do you find the best tofu in the entire world?
Sorry we don't serve time travelers here Two time travelers walk into a bar yo mama so stupid it took her 2 hours to watch 60 seconds.
Never trust an atom They make up everything My kid wanted juice but I gave him water which he promptly turned into whine.
What did the woman do that found gold in her vagina? She mined her own business. Why do they build fences around graveyards? Because people are dying to get in
Three men walk into a bar. The fourth one ducks. Three ducks walk into a bar. The fourth one humans. Boss: I suspect one of you is dead [Everyone looks at me, except for Paul, who is not moving at all]
Just buckled a bottle of Tito's Vodka into the backseat of my car, so I obviously know what it's like to be a mom. Three stages of a man's life . . . . . Want to stand up Want to stand up Want to stand up
What has four wheels and flies A Garbage truck Oh yeah bro? That's not what your mom said last night. I don't think so, anyway. It was a long conversation. She sounds well. Lovely person.
It's not that Jake couldn't juggle It's that he didn't have the balls to do it I just bought shoes from a drug dealer I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day
Little Shop of Horrors should have taken place in Russia. Because in Soviet Russia plant eats you! Be alert! The world needs more lerts.
Like most movies. I show big things in my trailer. #VALUE!
A man walks into a library and says "I hope you don't have a book on reverse psychology." Visiting grandma (nsfw) Mommy, mommy, I don't want to visit grandma today! "Shut up and keep digging, boy."
Yoda: Why, afraid of seven, five is? Because six seven eight. I was having sex with a woman last night and she kept screaming this other guys name. Who the hell is this "Rape" fellow, anyway?
CNN admits to dating Fox News. When you go in the other room I ask your dog what you look like naked.
Where did the King keep his armies? In his sleevies. Two peanuts were walking through Central Park late at night. One was a salted.
What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare-line. What's the hardest part about breaking up with a Japanese girl? You have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets the point.
My life flashed before my eyes... ...Turns out I'm epileptic and died from the seizure. Telling someone they can't be sad because others have it worse is like telling someone they can't be happy because others have it better.
News: Don't panic about Ebola, but please watch this nonstop coverage about how it could spread everywhere and kill you. Don't panic though. Little girl: "Grandma, make a noise like a frog." Grandma: "Why?" Little girl: "Cause daddy says we'll make a lot of money when you croak."
People only want to do drugs named after women: Mary Jane, Molly, Lucy (in the Sky with Diamonds). No one wants to snort some Craig. My thanks to Mexican Coke for sponsoring this week's weirdly tight pants. "Mexican Coke: Porque tu pantalones deben ser dolorosos."
Shout out to slugs for doing everything a snail does without a helmet What's the difference between a brothel and a circus? Your mother never ran away to join the circus.
Getting a girlfriend is a lot like getting a car The more money you have, the more options you have. The missus just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline. She hit the roof.
Why can a T-Rex not touch his toes? Because he's extinct did you hear about that kidnapping in Texas? He woke up.
I think I'm going to give away my old Dyson vacuum cleaner. It's just collecting dust. FB lesson number #1. If you don't want people meddling in your business, stop  posting it on your status.
Why do hamburgers feel sad at barbecues? They get to meet their old flames! The greatest thing about Christmas is how it teaches kids to be selfish little shits on someone else's birthday.
A duck walks into a bar... Quack! A pig with wings walks into a bar. Stunned, the bartender says "You can't bring food in here from another restaurant! Even if you are a cop!"
A woman is like a parachute  can refuse at any time, that's why you need to have a spare one. My favorite jokes are the short ones that make me laugh. Here's a short one that I hope makes you laugh. How do you find Will Smith in the snow? - You look for FRESH PRINTS!!
What is a cannibal's favorite fruit? Granny Smith I'm scared of the toilet That's where shit goes down
What happens to a laffy taffy joke in the rain? It makes me laugh a little bit, in the rain. Do you know the problem with ordering duck? It always comes with the bill.
My doctor told me to watch my drinking. So I'm off to find a bar with a mirror. "Raising a family is hard," he said. "Not if they're buried close enough together," replied the Necromancer.
What did the elephant say to the naked man? "How do you drink through that?" I'm not saying let's go kill all the stupid people I'm just saying let's remove all the warning labels and let the problem sort itself out.
I'll admit that my jokes are cheesy, but even then the ones I find hilarious my friends don't find funny at all They must be laughtose intolerant Just when I think I'm 100% against the death penalty, I see a bright yellow hummer taking up two parking spots.
Yo mama so fat, when she went to Hogwarts for the first time, the sorting hat said "Awwwwww hell 'naw!!" What do you call a cute homeless girl? Dust Bunny
What is the worst animal std? Gatoraids I asked my wife if we could do 68 tonight. She'd blow me, and I'd owe her one.
Watching X-Men. Hard to believe that all this stuff actually happened. The toilet bowl was stolen from the local police precinct last night. The cops have nothing to go on.
Subreddit for cleanjokes? Anyone know of one? TIA No, you're not fat, you're just easy to see.
What do you call a farmer in the army? E.I. G.I Joe. Did you guys see the new line of Tony Romo's cologne? Every time you wear it, you fuck up and the other guy scores.
Am I the first with a Roof joke? Hope so. What is the source of Roof's racism? When he was young, his friends teased him by calling him Rufus. What does Sean Connery wear to avoid the paparazzi? His shunglasshesh
What adjective do you use to describe a bad pun? Pungent I farted on the bus today and four people turned around I felt like I was on The Voice
Life as a penis must be hard. (NSFW) What did the haddock get covered in at the fish orgy? SALMONal fluid
Why did a footballer take a piece of rope onto the pitch ? He was the skipper ! One day I'll cure deafness... You hear me!
There is a time and a place for accosting people with baguettes (2 p.m., Whole Foods). Drunk is when you feel sophisticated but can't pronounce it.
Trump is such a good businessman that he literally wrote the book on business! Everyone should read it! Its too bad that it only goes up to chapter 11 though... Is this InkJet any good? Sure, we've sold it to royalty Princesses? Mate, it prints ALL the letters!
How can you tell that your waitress is having a bad day? She has a tampon behind her ear and she can't find her pencil. What do you call someone who sneezes doing cocaine? A snowblower
Son of a Beach So I like digging. I am going to go the beach and become a professional digger. Professional digger. Next time you order coffee at Starbucks tell them your name is Bueller and then leave the store.
What do you call a black man on the moon? An astronaut. Why does Donald Trump hate Chris Jericho? Because Jericho wants to break the walls down
How do you spell hypocrisy? R-E-L-I-G-I-O-N Remember that AMA guy whose mother slept with him because he had broken his arms? She was adding incest to injury.
Whats the difference between Trump and Hitler? About 70 years What do you call Dracula's retarded cousin? Countdown This was a joke I heard on TV some time ago ... Thought it was worth a share.
Whoa, calm down, person actually swimming in the swimming pool. Yes, I am aware pigs are more intelligent than dogs. Why would I want to eat an inferior animal and absorb its lesser powers?
What makes Kirby a great all-around fighter? He's all round. Why does the little mermaid wear sea-shells? Cause B-shells are too small, and D- shells are too big.
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends...? Because he's married. ;_; (I'll see myself out). Why does santa say ho ho ho? Because three hos are better than one!
I had a very confusing time when I tried to buy a Wii in France. IAMA convicted murderer who escaped last week from an upstate New York prison currently on the run somewhere in North America. AMA!
Oscar Pistorius... wanted a new bathroom door, but his girlfriend was dead against it. I've found that whenever God closes a door, Satan hands me a lockpick.
On the set of a movie... "Alright folks that's a wrap" "Actually sir it's a panini" "Ugh..Take five" But there weren't enough paninis for everyone to take 5 Pepsi just bought out Nike. Nike's new slogan will be, "Just Dew It".
Did you hear about the man who bought a bucket load of Tipp-ex last week? Big mistake. You're the only one who understands me, last remaining sleeve of Oreo cookies.
Replace his deodorant with a glue stick so he thinks of you every time he tries to raise his arm to put around the shoulders of another girl Knock knock. Who's there? A little old lady. A little old lady who? Wow, I didn't know you could yodel!
What did Tony the Tiger say to the kids playing baseball? "Theeeeeeeeey Never expect the Spanish Inquisition!" A Wizard walks into a gay bar, and disappears with a poof.
"No no no!" said the enraged businessman to the persistent salesman. "I cannot see you today!" "That's fine" said the salesman "I'm selling spectacles." what if soy milk is just regular milk.... introducing itself in spanish
I asked to switch seats on a plane because I was sat next to a crying baby. Apparently that's not allowed if it's yours. There are some problems in life that can be solved with chocolate....others require a full clip and a shovel.
How to comfort a Grammar Nazi "They're Their There" Lovers joke When I see lovers' names carved in a tree, I don't think it's sweet. I just think it's surprising how many people bring a knife on a date.
The best thing about sex with your sister... ...is that if she gets pregnant, you can just blame your dad. Glad the lady in front of me decided at the last second to stop at the yellow light as I prefer to eat my fries from the dashboard.
Static cling is just physics showing us how much it loves us. There are 10 kinds of people... * The ones who know binary * The ones who doesn't know binary * and the ones who taught that this joke was in binary...
What do you call a lesbian Eskimo? A Klondike. Well... I like to think of it this way if we survived two fantastic 4 movies we could survive Ragnarok and hey we did good job world
What do you call a gay dentist? The Tooth Fairy What do you call an Irish Jew? A leprechaun!
I finally figured out the problem with our firewall last night. It was a real breakthrough! //Actually used that this morning. Manager did not notice, I did not explain. *boss calls me into office* "um but sir my name is--" Be quiet you're "into office" now
Did you know Helen Keller had a swing-set in her back yard? ...neither did she Shadow dancers begin making a mock hanging motion to Katy Perry's singing
Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear carpet in his room The bear isn't dead it is just afraid to move. How can you tell if lunch meat is from West Virginia? It's in bread
What did the baby corn say to the Mom corn ? Where is Popcorn ? Just witnessed a white girl take a selfie with her coffee in Starbucks. I always heard the legends but never thought I'd see it in the wild.
Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection except one... ...he's never gonna give you *Up.* What is it called when a bunch of people, all under 5'2", go to a raging party? High wasted shorts!
I burned a kid in a wheelchair today. Hot wheels. Girl, is your dad Louis Vuitton? Because you have such big bags under your eyes. Wait am I doing this right
I saw 300 lbs crammed into a pair of small yoga pants so now I understand how the Tardis on Dr. Who is real. What's Franklin D Roosavelt's favorite game show? Deal or New Deal
Thank you student loans for getting me through college I don't think I can ever repay you. The first person to see a sunset was probably like well this ain't good.
Q: What's brown and in a baby's diaper? A: Michael Jackson's hand !! 13 year old girls be like "I need a man who.. " Lol the only Man in your life should be Spongebob. Yallah go finish your homework.
I'm recovering from necrophilia and beastiality... I would tell you about it, but I'd be beating off a dead horse. Never tell a joke to plutonium, there reaction is explosive
I ejaculated six feet earlier. Strange, usually I ejaculate semen. What type of car does an African drive? A Sudan
I bet a lot of people have tried that "See you next year!" joke at the end of December but got proven wrong by dying in a DUI. If you watch the biggest loser backwards it's a story about your mom.
Why is DJ Khaled's favorite number 11? Cuz it has another 1 Why does homemade bread not make your throat itch? It's made from scratch ^*NB ^OP ^is ^heckle-proof*
How many babies does it take to paint a wall? Depends how hard you throw them I really can't walk the walk or talk the talk but if you need someone to drink the drink, I'm your man.
I've just found my iPhone autocorrects "cunt" to "Cynthia." Which means somewhere in Steve Jobs' past is a woman with one HELL of a story. Where does bad light go? Into a prism.
Which came first the chicken or the egg? The chicken of course, an egg cannot cum! Made this up in my sleep sorry if offends any egg lovers.. Women always call me ugly until they find out how much money I make Then they call me ugly and poor
A large hole appeared outside the local police station. They're looking into it. Did anyone else go into a furious, violent rage when they found out that George Lucas filmed most of Star Wars here on Earth?
If your date asks what you do for a living, just say "You let me worry about that." Why was six afraid of seven? Seven is a registered six offender.
My friend asked me today what the name of the show is where they go fishing and catch all the crabs..I said "Jersey  Shore"...Was I wrong? Wanna hear a word I just made up? Plagiarism.
*drives Toyota Corolla into Mordor* "See, nobody suspected a thing" What did the gang-banger say when two houses fell on him? Get off me, homes.
What is 20 inches long and makes women scream at night? A stillborn You know it's cold outside when... You buy a foot long at Subway and by the time you get it to you car it's a six inch
When I met my wife I knew she was a keeper She was wearing massive gloves. What car does the Loch Ness Monster drive? A Ford F-tree-fiddy
Why do black people have nightmares? Because the last guy who had a dream got shot Did it hurt when you fell? Into the toilet, you piece of shit?
Alright, so, two Jews walk into a shower I bet you can finish this one Boy becomes Jedi, gets married, turns evil, has twins, becomes Darth Vader, complicated crap, ewoks. Boom, STAR WARS. You're welcome, girls.
Kevin Bacon likes to play Six Degrees of Everybody Else. What smells worse than an anchovy? An anchovy's cunt
GREETINGS MORTAL, YOU MAY ASK ME ONE QUE- "what's the deal with airline food?" GODDAMNIT JERRY HOW DO YOU KEEP FINDING THIS CRYSTAL Did you guys hear about the girl that had three vaginas? She kept getting fucked left, right and centre.
this month's full moon is in virgo. you know what that means: you shouldn't be friends with me because i will tell you shit like this The awkward moment when you say, "I love you," then the pizza delivery guy says, "That'll be $12.46, please."
How are eating a girl out and working for the CIA similar? One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit. (Thanks to u/Gary_III for pointing out the mistake last time My paper aeroplane won't fly. It's completely stationery.
You know you're old when you watch a horror movie where annoying, partying college kids get murdered and you identify with the killer. You think you're pretty smart until you have to figure out how to turn on someone else's shower.
So I got kicked out of the library the other day... For moving all the women's rights books to the fiction section. If I die in a fire, I want my last words on my grave... ... "I won't die, I'm 70% water!"
Every night someone breaks into my house & dresses me for the next day. I guess I'd be more upset if it wasn't saving me time in the morning What's the best way to capitalize on an opportunity? ON AN OPPORTUNITY
Interviewer: Your resume only has "Mad" under "Skills" Me: Yeah boyee Interviewer: *tears up* You're just what we need. Welcome to Subway. 60 Second Lover I think my girlfriend has fucked sixty one people before me. She calls me her sixty second lover ....
New E Sport So there is a doctor in NYC that came down with ebola...he went bowling the night before admittance, created new sport...eboling What do you call a midget psychic on the run from the law? A small medium at large
Sometimes the only way you can feel good about yourself is by making someone else look bad. And I'm tired of making other people feel good about themselves! Girls, if you're gonna shave your eyebrows off just to draw them on again, at least make them interesting. How about drawing two umbrellas?
Pick a number, now add 7, divide by 4, write it down. Now get an apple, name it, show it a picture of your cat. Now go to bed,you're drunk. What's good on pie, but not on pussy? Crust.
Why did the plane crash? Because the pilot was a loaf of bread. (my wife tells this joke to everyone and no one but me has ever laughed) What the difference between a calender and you.... a calendar has dates.
Whats the best part of living in Switzerland? Im not too sure either but the flags a big plus. It puts the lotion in the basket. Then it calls the wife to make sure it's the right brand so it doesn't get the hose again.
My mom asked me if I would still date a girl who had cancer and lost her hair from chemo. i told her, "Of course, that just means she has better head!" Not sure if I should be more concerned about the son who locked me out of my bedroom today, or the one who showed me how to pick the lock.
Did you hear about the short-sighted circumciser? He got the sack.. What happens to a tapeworm after it dies? It will be interred.
Please pray for the people still playing Farmville on Facebook. Just ate the last slice of pizza and I wish there was more. Suddenly all of Taylor Swifts songs make sense to me.
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just Juan Now that Fox News is 18 can we send it to Iraq?
I entered the word bit*h into my GPS and guess what, I'm in your driveway!! If a red panda is caught stealing, what do you call it? It was caught Red Panded
I'm gonna buy some cheese and put it behind glass with a sign that reads "In queso emergency, break glass" What do ants drink? Tea. It's an ant tea joke.
A collection of OC jokes! I don't need to run a marathon to load up on carbs and ask someone to wrap me up in a blanket.
Here lies IcarusIsNotLonely, upon his gravestone lie his last words: "Oh fuck, a car!" Did you hear about the unfashionable mechanic? He needed to change attire. (I'm probably too proud of myself for making this one; someone's almost definitely done it before.)
If I'm facing away from you during sex, assume I'm quietly enjoying a snack. I recently came into a very large sum of money so they fired me from my job at the bank.
Where do fat people live? Obe-city How many dadaists does it take to change a lightbulb? Giraffe.
What's a pirates favorite letter? You think it's the "R" but it's really the "C". Happy talk like a pirate day! A small boy got lost at a baseball game... He went up to a police officer and said: "I've lost my dad." "What's he like?" asked the police officer sympathetically. The boy replied, "Beer and women."
How do you turn soup into gold? You add 24 carats! Donald Trump wants to build a wall between USA and Mexico... It's okay, we have tunnels.
FUN FACT: Teens in the late 1800s sent/received an average of 75 telegrams a day. I can't remember what 51, 6 and 500 are in Roman numerals... fucking livid
*sees person I know in a crowd* *waves enthusiastically* * realizes I don't know person* * changes enthusiastic wave to awkward fist pump* The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar... It was in tense.
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car? Get in the car Robin What's the difference between a blonde and an Airbus A380? Not everyone has been in an Airbus A380.
Getting a prostate exam doesn't make you gay... Unless you spend all day studying for it. It's amazing the little things you learn about your kids as they grow everyday. For example today I learned my 3yo is kind of a mean drunk.
Why do hippies like corduroy? Because the material is so groovy. Every time I don't clog a toilet I feel like I've gotten away with something
I asked a pregnant woman if she would have sex with me. She said "no, I don't do threesomes". How many cannibals does it take to make a sandwich? Two.
What do you call an Asian prize fighter who's dad has a serious case of diarrhea? A slap happy jappy with a crap happy pappy Married men aren't allowed to go the grocery store alone because we're the kid in the shopping cart, but with money
People who like shitty lite pop-rock are lucky. They get to hear their favorite music in department stores and at the dentist. I was asked how I view lesbian relationships. Apparently in HD wasn't the right answer.
What's the difference between Whose Line is it Anway and /r/jokes? On Whose Line is it Anyway, *everything* is made up. If someone says you're a nice person, these things will happen: 1) They will ask you for a favor. 2) You will not get laid.
*Robocop smashes tail light* Uh oh, that's a citation *He drops a bag of weed* Damn that's 20 years *Robohippie starts to sweat* The word 'nothing' is a palindrome. 'Nothing' reversed is 'Gnihton' which also means nothing
Give a man a fish & he'll be all "WTF are you giving me a fish for? That's weird" Teach a man to fish & he'll be all "Again with the fish?" What do kids like to eat in the playground? Recess Pieces.
50 shades of grey After reading 50 Shades of Grey my wife asked me to tie her tightly to the bed. "Now what?" I asked. "Hurt me!" "Ok. You have saggy tits" I was asked to babysit once but it didn't go very well. You're not meant to sit on them.
Vacationing in Switzerland "So did you enjoy the beautiful scenery?" "I couldn't really see much because of the mountains." How do jellyfish live without brains They are blond
Light is useful It helps us 'c' things. i sold all my lizards to buy my girlfriend a Toyota Tundra but she sold her drivers license to buy me a awesome obstacle course for lizards
Watched Avatar again and long story short, can you untie my ponytail from this horse? What's another word for "thesaurus"? Steven Wright joke, iirc.
Without nipples, breasts would be pointless. Anonymous gets Alzheimer's They sign off: We are Anonymous, we are a legion, we do not forgive, we do not....
What do you call a native american cook a sioux chef What's brown and sticky? (wait! There's more...) What's brown and sticky? A Stick. What's brown, sticky and Yiddish? A schtick.
I like my coffee like I like my women! I'm sure whatever you've got is fine. I'm pretty happy with anything. What has 142 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk? My Zipper
What do Indian flowers grow? Patels (this may or may not have been inspired by a dumb facebook post I saw) How do you call a beautiful feminist? An oxymoron
Two guys walked into a bar.. You would think one of them would of ducked! Whenever someone tells me they like country music, I just look them in the eyes and ask "which country?"
An old man was having a check up.... The doctor asked how hid erections were doing. "They come and go." What do you call a nun that sleep walks? A roamin' catholic
No matter what people think of you, walk around with your head held high. Multiple chins are not cute. I saw a badass preview for a new movie coming out! It said it was called "U.S. Marines"
CASHIER: would you like to donate one dollar to charity? ME: no thank you SATAN (sitting on a throne made of human skulls): excellent choice *sticks switchblade into bag of NES cartridges, licks tip of knife, nods to boss* It's good.
Why does Elton John play the piano? Because he sucks on an organ. Me: Girls' night in!!! Cat: I'm a cat. Me: You're my best friend. Cat: I'm not even a girl cat. Me: So it's like a date? Cat: Get help.
Just reported a car as being stolen because the people inside are black and the stick figures on the rear window are white. Dont drink and Derive Especially in Meth class
Shout out to the sense of wonder in the eyes of children. Also to pistachios. I'll eat a shit ton of pistachios. Mmmm pistachios. It's all fun and games until you lose your wifi signal.
My parents kidnapped me. I was then born. Last night, Daredevil beat me up and took my money. I was robbed blind.
I asked my 3yo daughter if I should get a minivan... She said, no, you should get a Daisy van. I wouldn't say my butt plug the best sex toy... but it's definitely up there.
A recent study showed that 93% of the people in Detroit have had shower sex The other 7% have not been to jail. My friend tried to get me with bird puns today... I told him toucan play that game.
If you pitch a non-superhero, non-remake, non-sequel film in Hollywood they send your family to a work camp. In the earliest part of my life I was a man trapped inside a woman's body. Then mom gave birth to me.
Him: I think you're my soul mate. Me: I'm so SO sorry for you. I got mad at a rock today. I chopped it in half with my lightsaber. Now there are two rocks. Send help. Now.
I'll apologize for burning your house down if you apologize for telling me I "overreact." Doctor says: "No sex for 6 weeks after birth." Me: Why? Did her vagina see its shadow? Doctor: Me: Doctor: Please tell me you're not the father.
Why are blacks excited for 2016? Because it is the year of the monkey. We're gonna party like its 1999. //breaks out Nokia flip phone and starts to panick about Y2K//
[finally rich enough to go to a tailor] "How can I help you sir?" One clothes please! I'm starting a dating app for people who live in Eastern Virginia I'm calling it Chesapeake BAE
The local high school volley ball team was having a game against the police force. It was time for the police to protect and serve. Man! Did anyone else see the result of the Egypt vs Ethopia soccer game? Egypt: 8. Ethopia: Didn't.
Jokes about fat people aren't funny. They just don't work out. what's the male equivolent of a widow? Free
Johnny Depp is to Tim Burton what Tyler Perry is to Tyler Perry. *Britney Spears releases a new fragrance* *the other dinner guests look embarrassed and pretend not to notice.*
Q: How did a blind woman pierce her ear? A: Answering the stapler. [god creating ants] Anteater: finally
A shower so cold, you call it by your exes name What did the Alligator say to the turtle? Can I bayou a drink?
You know what really grinds my gears? Not pushing my clutch pedal down far enough How is being at a singles bar different from going to the circus? At the circus, the clowns don't talk.
Hey, did you hear about the Mexican-Indian twins that just moved in next door? They're identical too! Once you've seen Juan, you've seen Jamal. main difference between /news/ mods and north korea? one side executes people for no reasons and puts people in detentions camps, the other one is a country.
What did the Frenchman say when he saw a dirty toilet? Eau de Toilette! (eww, the toilet) pull my upvote
Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance? I went to the zoo the other day... The only animal they had was a small dog. It was a shih tzu
When my wife told me to stop imitating flamingos, I had to put my foot down If Twitter has taught me anything it's that the best career choice is divorce lawyer.
My Muslim girlfriend wants to blow me Should I be excited or call the cops? Why do people love their smartphones so much? Because opposites attract. (Told to me by 2 students today, loved it!)
What do you get if you play a C&amp;W song backwards? Your wife back, your house back, your car back, and your dog back. When someone says "I need this done yesterday" it's like I'm not going to be bossed around by someone who doesn't understand how time works
Why did the girl reject iron oxide? Because it was FeO ran outta bowls so i filled the cups of a bra with peanuts on one side, chips on the other then carried it to the couch. im 26, available
Alcohol is photoshop for real life. They say that the best airing time is 20:00... ...but I think 19:59 is the real prime time.
Why did my ex gf Fav my tweet where I announced that I got laid off. Why did you do that sharon If you don't get my Harry Potter references, there is something siriusly ron with you
I'm turning to Reddit to help crowdsource an OC joke about defective condoms but it's all been a bust. You pricks keep poking holes in it. How long does it take an Ethiopian Women to take a shit? 9 Months.
How do you solve world hunger and poverty simultaneously? By feeding the poor to the hungry. Real men don't cry...tears for real men are only unnecessary liquids in the body.
why did princess Diana cross the road? she wasnt wearing her seatbelt.... I sleep with a knife under my bed in case I can't open my midnight snacks. It also comes in handy if people try to steal them.
Dark comedy is... Like water.......not everyone gets it. Guns don't kill people. Chuck Norris kills People.
Never threaten anyone. It spoils the surprise. What does a tech geek say when they're taking a shit? "Clearing my cache."
Girlfriend: Ok you hang up :-) Boyfriend: No You hang up first :-) Girlfriend: no you first Boyfriend: No you first NSA: both of you hang up What do you call someone who knows all? Nostril-damus. &amp;nbsp; Works better if you read the joke out loud.
What bus crossed the Atlantic Ocean? Columbus I read in the news today that a man in Los Angeles was killed when he got caught up in a turf war. I wonder if he was mowed down?
How to get laid: Step 1: Be an egg Step 2: That's literally it At jury duty they said, "You do not have to be fluent in English." So what you're supposed to do is just guess if the guy is innocent.
What U.S. State has the smallest sodas? Minisoda What happens when you mix a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite
Why did Jon Snow become a spokesman for Rolex? For the time piece. The new Pope got Bird flu... ...I heard he caught it from one of his Cardinals.
What do you call a 13 year old girl from Kentucky who can run faster than her six brothers? A virgin. Can't wait till bin Laden slips up and checks-in on Foursquare.
I have a great ebola joke! You probably won't get it What does a Scotsman wear under his kilt? If it's a good day lipstick
Just heard local reports of a stalker, which is funny because I watch everyone through their windows and none of them look suspicious Whats common between dark jokes and little kids with cancer... They never get old.
Guy at the Apple store suggested I turn off my phone once a week, so I slapped his face and ran out of the store crying. What do you call a Mexican that flies a plane? A pilot, you racist!
Two pharaohs farted at the same time. They had a toot in common. Why did the existential nihilist cross the road? Who cares.
A lion wouldn't cheat on his wife but a Tiger Wood You have the nicest syntax I've ever seen.
What's blue and sits on the toilet? A policeman doing his duty! now this is really a joke i love to read jokes but theres no function to read the next joke so it is a lot of tedious clicks to get there
There was a new machine at the gym today. I had to stop using it after an hour as i felt sick, but it was worth it got through 4 kit kats 2 cherry cokes and 2 packets of crisps. I like my women like I like my wine... Twelve years old and in the cellar.
It's 450 BC. Socrates is doing a keg stand at a philosopher frat party. Gets the nickname SoCRAYtes. Nobody takes him seriously ever again. Accidentally pressed 2 for Spanish and Donald Trump's security team came out of nowhere to deport me.
Why doesn't a chicken wear pants? Because it's pecker is on its head. What's the difference between a slut and a bitch? A slut fucks everyone... A bitch fucks everyone but YOU.
Oh good, I've made this mistake before so I know what to expect. A Russian asks another Russian if he's seen the new magic show in town. "Cock ta-da?" "Yeah, horror show."
They say choose a major you love and you'll never work a day in your life... because that field probably isn't hiring. What do you call a hobo with an afro? A frobo.
I imagine one day my dearest friends will say at my funeral, "Wow. What an idiot. Who chokes to death on orange sherbet?" People say you never see ninjas but I see their girlfriends hanging around mosques all the damn time.
Men. Can't live with 'em...can't finish this joke unless I wanna be single the rest of my life. What does a landmine field and my pet friendly apartment complex have in common? It doesn't matter where you step, shit is about to happen
A guy walks into a bar and asks "Do you serve lawyers?" The bartender responds "Yes, of course!" The man then says "Well then. I'll have a beer for myself and a lawyer for my alligator." Why do rabbits love beer? Because it's made of hops.
Why are bananas so popular? Because they have appeal A boy met a girl She:Every time u smile, I feel like inviting u to my place He(smiling):Why thank u.. are u single? She:No, I'm a dentist
What is the suicide emergency hotline number in Brazil? 127 Edit: [for clarification](http://www.fifa.com/worldcup/matches/round=255955/match=300186474/) My friend was raped by a teenager mutant ninja turtle. He wasn't wearing a mask, so we don't know which one did it.
*describes my ideal woman to police sketch artist* "And I need you guys to find her by 9 tonight cuz this buffet coupon is about to expire." A man walks into a bar... Just kidding
What's in a white mans pants and more than 4 inches long? Nothing A man with a... A man with a twelve in penis can't spel.
Gf:Do u love me? Me:Yes. Gf:Why do u love me? Me:You're the best. Gf:I'm the best at what? Me:Asking questions. Gf: Like what? Me:... What do you call an elf made of lego? Legolass
If you listen real closely, you can hear my alarm clock laughing as I set it. Have you guys seen this? Have you heard about this? Wow, what a tewwific audience.
Fun prank: 1: steal your married friends phone 2: change your name to "Brandi from the club" 3: call them repeatedly and hang up at 3AM Your vehicle has this magical lever That shows which direction you're turning
"Can I get a do-over?" - Me, playing golf, tennis (or pretty much any sport), taking a test, having sex, making a speech, living my life.... I have a friend visiting from out of town. What's your fave place in LA to look at your phone??
I was glad to see the back of my ex-girlfriend! She always insisted on having sex doggy-style.... Why are there more female than male archeologists? They always want to find a new bone.
I just saw a group of pandas pooping on the ground together What an embarrassment But were you called "dream wife" on the internet today? Oh, you were. By the same guy? I see.
Why does a white guy go to a brothel? For pleasure. Why does a black guy go to a brothel? He's looking for his mother. Life would be simpler if you were notified when you were added to lists IRL. "Your crush" has added you to list "Friend Zone".
Did you hear about the mutant that had a sex change? She's an Ex-Man Whipped cream is just shaving cream that does whatever it's girlfriend tells it to do.
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone? What's the difference between my dick and my paycheck? I don't have to beg my wife to blow my paycheck.
What's a pirate's favorite workout program? Pirates (pronounced like pilates) Cigarettes aren't addicting Just look at me. I smoke all the time, and I'm not addicted.
My friend told me his favourite word was 'many' It doesnt mean much to me... What is a baby's favorite Fall Out Boy song? Thanks For The Mammaries
How is God just like every other man? If you're not on your knees, he's not interested. Two flies are sitting on a piece of shit. One fly cuts a fart. The other one says, "Hey! I'm eatin' here!"
Yo moma is so... good looking, what happened you? edit: premature ejokulation 9 called to ask how much bleach it takes to get purple ink out of carpet and because she's so cute and at her dad's I went with all of it!
The entire city of Detroit burned down last night. Estimated damage is $6. Most animals don't like gore. But leeches are suckers for blood.
My friend has a compulsion to eat everything in sight, and as a result, he's put on a lot of weight... You might say he suffers from OBCD. Who's gonna be the next queen of R&amp;B? I don't know yet but she's gonna be Beyondce!
I tried to start a band called "999 megs"! Never did get a gig :( New Reality Show: America's Next Top Proctologist. You only advance to the next round if you get two thumbs up.
I told my dog to bark. He said, "howwwl loud." When is the most likely time that a stray dog will walk into your house ? When the door is open !
Do you know what makes pink lemonade pink? Strawberries. What idiot called it endangered ocean population instead of deficiency?
Why was the nun hooked up to an IV of holy water? She was taking god's name in vein. No end in sight... I can't see an end.  I have no control. I don't think there's any escape. I don't even have a home anymore. Time for a new keyboard.
Why aren't there any knock knock jokes about America? Because Freedom Rings. To the woman who keeps pounding on my door at night, I'm not letting you out!
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick Did you hear about the terrorist suicide bombers rave party? I heard they had a blast.
Did you hear about the Indian who drank 4 gallons of tea? They found him dead the next day in his tea pee. Why would you never starve to death in a desert? Because you'd probably die of dehydration first. While a human can only go about a week without water, it can go up to three weeks without food.
Experience with women has taught me that Jack was most likely pushed down the hill. What does a homeless man gets for Christmas? A cold.
My Grandma's church was odd in that they worshipped paintings. Very weird. Every week they would stand up and sing "How Great Thou Art" *cop approaches me* "have u seen this girl?" *holds up photo* "yeah I've seen her, NAKED" *hi-5* "haha but seriously shes in my trunk"
When people write, "your dumb," maybe it's not a typo--they just mean stupidity belongs to you. "Here's your dumb now leave." It's hard telling how many Kleenex I've fathered.
Today I asked the Director of Admissions at my University what the best thing about her job was... And she said, "Well, I gotta admit..." According to my neighbor's journal, I have "boundary issues."
Hello. I am Public Restroom. Would you like some toilet paper that melts in the palm of your hand? Here, have some empty soap, my child. "Bear with me" -A Russian bear trainer
"Papa who was Hamlet?" "You birdbrain! Bring me the Bible and I'll show you who he was." ME: look a possum HER: actually it's spelled opossum ME: you don't no how I spelled it, we're talking HER: actually it's spelled know
If a groom is a person that takes care of a horse, why don't they call the bride a jockey? An Englishman, an Irishman, a Scotsman, a priest, a rabbi and Adolf Hitler walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
Slow down in those corduroy pants. You'll ignite a bush fire. *sends you a pic of a kitten* *you reply, "Awe"* *face melts* *responds, "We've been over this already, it's "Aww"* *deletes your number*
How many skateboarders does it take to change a lightbulb? One, but it will take him 50 tries to do it. A depressed Storm Trooper goes to the bar for some jager shots. He goes home sober.
What do you call a bunch of people buying non-brand name ice skates? Cheapskates getting cheap skates I had the worst night last night.. The ghost of Gloria Gaynor appeared in front of my bed. At first I was afraid, then I was petrified.
The unused coloring book. Why can't the little girl color the elephant in her coloring book? Her arms are amputated. Did you guys hear about the talking polar bear? He's very arcticulate! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
A far right party wins an election in Germany with 60% of the vote. I did nazi that coming May be behind but what do you call a Curiosity with only 2 wheels Bi-curious
Jesus spoke to me yesterday... But I don't like talking to my roofers, so I had his brother Juan tell him not to do that in the future. "how'd your football team football today?" those footballers footballed quite well...really good footballin'
What was Hitler's least favourite month? Jew-ne What do you call the 1 yard line at the Super Bowl? ...A running play - Obviously...
Did you hear about the 6 guys and the woman that went fishing? The guys didn't catch anything, but the woman came home with a red snapper. Spent the day attempting crazy driving stunts because I forgot to read the fine print at the bottom of a car commercial.
what does a Nazi turkey say? "Goebbles Goesbbles" ActivityBuddy A new app is sweeping the AppStore, using GPS technology similar to Grindr/ Tinder, ActivityBuddy matches up people who enjoy the same activity. The #1 activity? Anonymous gay sex.
If a picture frame doesn't have the word "memories" written on it in giant cursive letters, how do I know what I'm looking at?! If someone stole Sherlock Holmes' magnifying glass, how would he search for clues? Using watSonar
"Yous shall not pass!" (Gandalfini) I went to the doctor yesterday I told him my penis suddenly turned into a tiny green ball. He said I may have peacock syndrome.
What is Michal Jackson A Chocolate Cracker (if they exist) How do you make a space party? -You PLANet
You might be a redneck if someone shouts hoedown and your girlfriend hits the floor. Why do Steven Avery's victims see him naked from the waist down? Because his lawyers keep filing away his briefs.
Which baseball team is currently the favourite  with hamburger fans? The Cincinnati Reds -because they're the Big Bread Machine! Christian Bale won Best Supporting Actor for playing a mentally unstable drug addict.And then Charlie Sheen was like, "You can get an award for that?
What is the deadliest volcano? Mount Kill-a-man-jaro What is the worst type of sand to have in your pants? Sandusky
I don't understand Fox and Friends. No one on the show is named Fox. Are they friends with a TV channel? Batman can safe the world ,but clark kent
A man calls in to work sick on a Friday His boss asks him, "Why what's wrong with you?" He replies, "its my eyes boss... I just can't see my ass coming in to work today." Why are there no podiatrist generals? Because all they know is de feet
Why did the spud lover set his alarm for 8:00? Because he wanted to get a-po-ta-to clock. **EDITED** to make joke more apparent Egyptians don't walk like that.
So doctor how much time do I have left? 10... 10 what? 9, 8.... Fart tutor wanted, must have references
How does a barber avoid getting hair in his food? By giving her a Brazilian wax first! Have you seen the movie Constipated? That's because it hasn't come out yet.
Someone once told me "If you love something, set it free". I told them not to mind about those noises coming from the basement. I don't know why beer companies bother with an expiration date... it's never going to make it anywhere near that.
What do Michael Jackson and Jimmy Savile have in common? they touched some many lives Why is it called tourist season if we can't shoot them?
What's the most embarrassing part about Hillary Clinton's emails? The Nigerian Prince actually came through with the money transfer. What do you call a homosexual in a wheelchair? Rolaids.
My mother-in-law was bitten by a dog yesterday. How is she now ? She's fine. But the dog died. I like Peter Dinklage in Game of Thrones But I like him better in smaller roles.
What do you call a prositute on her period? Unemployed. How do you get the most apples when bobbing  at Halloween Wear a snorkel !
Dad cooks deer for dinner and doesn't tell the kids what it is... He gives them a hint "It's what your mom calls me" The kids respond "It's a fucking dick, don't eat it" ME: hey baby HOT GIRL: ME: HOT GIRL: ME: HOT GIRL: ME: *looks closer* HOT GRILL: ME: oh
How does NASA organize their missions. They Planet. Ain't no sandwich when she's gone.
Why couldn't the motorcycle stand on it's own? because it was too tired. What do a redhead and a freezer have in common? They've both got ice on the inside.
Jobs that do not exist anymore Steve Alabama changed the legal drinking age to 33. They're trying to keep it out of high schools.
How is being a Jew like eating a burrito? It's really not a problem until they give you gas. Why are men smarter while having sex? Because they're plugged into a know it all.
Please don't eat me! I have a wife and kids... ... ...Eat them! I think it's time I throw away my fleshlight My masturbation is getting a little out of hand.
What's the difference between an oyster with epilepsy and a prostitute with diarrhea? Well, one you shuck between the fits and the other... What do you get when Italians join ISIS? Baked Yazidi
What do you call someone who is known for being heartless and cold to others? Dead LITTLE KNOWN FACT: The dye used to color Sesame Street's Elmo red is made from the blood of virgin Canadians.
"I can't wait until this one orange erases years of poor eating choices." -me, dieting What's the difference between a Lentil and a Chickpea? I wouldn't pay $200 to have a Lentil on my face.
How much is Donald Trump's life insurance? Just one pence. if the plan is "eat pancakes now figure out life later" then yes everything is going according to plan
90% of my friends have hemorrhoids. The other 10% are perfect ass holes. Tequila everyday keeps sobriety away
I added Michael J Fox as a friend on Instagram... He likes every single one of my photos. How many paranoids does it take to change a lightbulb? Who wants to know?
What did the Computer Engineer say? What did the computer Engineer say when he saw his favorite drink? ICT You know how they say "if you snooze you lose"... I snooze every morning and have never lost any sleep over it.
It's a shame that nobody is stepping up to defend the clown community Not even the mimes are talking Why doesn't George R.R. Martin use a Twitter? Because he kills all 140 characters.
What does Jeffrey Dahmer and Peewee Herman have in common? They were both caught with hands in their drawers. This one time I swallowed a gum and my mom told me that "it stays in your system forever," so I swallowed a table to stick it under it.
What time do dentists fly airplanes? Tooth Hurty (2:30) Steve Irwin will always be in our hearts Just like the stingray needle in his.
Attractive women post selfies and refer to themselves as ugly. As a group, if we begin agreeing with them we could stop that shit quick. What do you call a record of everything that goes in and out of your ass? An ANALog.
Why is it so hard to order pizza from me? I'll update with the hilarious punchline later... Met a hooker who said she'd do anything for $5 So I had her repost a joke for me that's been posted 5,000 times in the past week
My boyfriend doesn't believe in labels, which is probably why he drank all that bleach Autocorrect changed Italian to Taliban, so now I'm sure the NSA is super interested in my ricotta cheese.
I swear if I see one more tweet about 11/11/11 being once in A life time I will snap. Every date is once in a life time! That how time works You know something, Jon Snow Lord Commander: "So, Jon Snow, is it true you have lain with a Wildling girl?" Jon Snow: "Yes, sir, it is true. But I have no Ygrittes."
Drinking ink won't kill you, you'll just dye a little inside. Yes, I've been in love before. I've also had salmonella poisoning and you don't see me running back for seconds.
Sporty I bought my wife fumarate. Now during sex moans as Sharapova. The secret to making a good egg is the way you ap-poach it. *a man in the audience has a stroke and dies from being so angry at this joke*
How many cops does it take to change a light bulb? None. First they beat the room for being black, then they arrest the light bulb for being broke. I became a vegan yesterday... ...but I tell you, it was a missed-steak.
I am Looking a Bank I am Looking for a Bank which can perform Two things for me. Give me a Loan, and then Leave me Alone.... Wanna see a banana split? Wait until it turns black and tell it he's the father.
Came up with this joke this morning in the shower. I took a tour of a prison for poets, at the end the warden asked what I thought of it. I said it has its prose and cons. Just tried to read an article that wasn't a list. Bunch of words, no GIFs, and it required me to think?? 0/10 would not recommend.
I'm Indian but not "able to read sanskrit" Indian so slow down there Raj, aside from the heart eye emojis I have no idea wtf your DM means. Just picked up some cologne from the .99 cent store because chicks dig it when I smell like back child support and restraining orders
What do they pass around after dinner at Buckingham Palace? Under Eights. How do you get a hippie chick pregnant? Cum on her shoes and let the flies do the rest
So if multiple cactus is cacti... NSFW Would a cat (animal) be cat-i? I got a new job! I got a great new job working for The Mint. I'm gonna make so much money! Also steal a bunch.
Boy: Calls 911 Boy: calls 911 Hello? I need your help! 911: Alright, What is it? Boy: Two girls are fighting over me! 911: So what's your emergency? Boy: The ugly one is winning. I'm holding a party for people who can never reach orgasm If you can't come let me know.
I have a theory that consuming little bits of peanut butter encased in colored candy shells provokes silly rhymes. I call it my Reeces Pieces Thesis. . . . . I'll see myself out. I forgot, what is the name they call themselves, the group that wants to form a new country in what is now Syria and Irak? They are the Nemesis of the USA.
Fox has cancelled American Idol. From Now on, if I want to listen to bad music, I'll have to listen to Pitbull just like everyone else. Do you guys remember that party at Bill Cosby's last weekend? Me neither.
CW: My wedding is going to be expensive! Me: Wait till you see what the divorce is going to cost you! You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
Machine uprising? Ha! What can they do? Toaster gonna burn my bagel? Vending machine gonna steal my money? Like they do now... Holy shit. Eating spicy food is like expressing your love to someone who has no interest in you... you always get burned in the end.
What do you call a typo on a tombstone A grave mistake. A way you can tell the difference between a plumber and a chemist ask them to pronounce the word 'unionized'
You know, I just love whiteboards... They're remarkable. My cousin was one of the most ambitious people I ever knew. Unfortunately, he struggled with depression. His life motto? "Gosh darn it, I'm going to kill myself, or die trying!"
I try not to tweet about things I'm doing incase it gets taken out of context, but this cock is delicious! Of course everyone deserves a 2nd chance, but I gave yours to someone else.
What has bottom on the top? Legs. If you still wear a Calculator watch, my guess is you don't need it to add up all the ladies you get....
[to hot girl at bus stop as bus approaches] "I could easily afford to get on that if I wanted to." Why is it fun to play with matches ? They're lit.
"Oh, you decided to close your bedroom door with me on the outside? Allow me to sing you the song of my people." -my cat Why can't you hear a pterodactyl use the restroom? The P is silent.
How do you start a rave in Ethiopia? Nail a piece of toast to the ceiling. Why are lumberjacks bad at online video games? Because their connections are so weak they are always logging out.
Q:What happened when Smokey the Bear started the forest fire? A: He got arrested just like you would've. The bad news: I shaved off my beard. The good news: none of my co-workers recognize me and have stopped talking to me.
Hi college freshmen! I hope when you selected bedding for your dorm room you asked yourself, "Can I see myself throwing up on this pattern?" I wish my thumbs had the power of Pandora. I would give people the thumbs down & they'd instantly disappear & be replaced w/ a better one.
I have submitted 10 jokes now trying to reach the front page... no pun in ten did. What did one eye say to the other? Between you and me, something smells
Why did the hipster burn his tounge on his coffee? Cus he drank it before it was cool... Life is like photography, we develop from the negatives.
IT Jokes Wikipedia: I know everything! Google: I have everything! Facebook: I know everybody! Internet: Without me you are nothing! Electricity: Keep talking bitches! What happened to the dog that fell into a  lens-grinding machine? He made a spectacle of himself.
What's the difference between eating pussy and driving in the fog?... At least when your eating pussy you can see the asshole in front of you! My girlfriend played the cello and I loved it. But recently she gave up the cello and took up the violin, so I had to break up with her. Because I'm all about that bass, no treble.
How do rabbits fly? In hareplanes. When one door closes... An incognito window opens.
I used to think "I hope I don't do anything stupid." Now it's more like "I hope whatever stupid shit I do at least fits in a tweet." I'm good at turning on. .. Electronics
Teacher: What time do you get up in the morning  ? About an hour and a half after I arrived at school What do you take before every meal? A seat.
I tried to upload the Brazil vs Germany game to pornhub... But they removed it for rape What is Harry potters favorite way to get down a hill? Walking....J.K . Rowling
*knock knock* Go away I'm not home "I can hear you" I can hear you too..go away "I brought food" What kind of food I got arrested at the airport last week... Apparently, security doesn't appreciate it when you call "shotgun" before boarding a plane.
Why couldn't the fortune teller fit into her shirt? Because she's a medium What do u call a disadvantage for being east-indian Hindi-capped
What does the shy little pebble wish for? To be a little Bolder. Hair Stylist: What are we doing today? Me: Let's do something that will look great here but I'll have no chance of replicating at home
Why wouldn't the sow let her piglets play with  toads? She didn't want them to grow into wart hogs. My dog is so excited about me washing the car that I'm starting to think he borrows it while I'm asleep
Is your name Summer? Coz you're HOT! I hope everyone on this flight covers for me by standing and announcing "No, I am Fartacus!" as we deplane.
Some bloke on FB called me a clown. Now I've got to go hide under his bed with a knife cause that's what clowns do. What do you call a smelly man who tells terrible jokes? PUN-GENT
Today is Stevie Nicks' birthday. She is 67 years old. I wonder what that is in goat years? I fart like an Egyptian pharoah... We have a toot in common.
A heart-shaped pizza just means less pizza and that's not a sacrifice I'm willing to make for love. When life hands you 2 Lemons 1 cup sugar 2 tbsp flour 3 tbsp cornstarch 1 cup water 2 tbsp butter 4 eggs 1 pie crust you make lemon meringue
What does a baby have in common with a old car? They're fun to take apart, but they're a real bitch to put back together. Trying to impress a girl who loves jokes about dead hookers. Give me ur best.
I went camping recently. It was intense. Someone broke a hole in the nudist colony's fence. Police are looking into it.
What do you call a hippopotamus in an I.C.U.? Hippo-critical. I want a Michael Corleone in the streets and a horse head in the sheets.
I wonder during the election for Pope, did the other cardinals point to the losers and say excitedly "you are NOT the  father" I've got a new job in a biscuit factory. So far I've made a packet.
Q: What is the first thing that President Clinton says after waking up? A: "Good morning Bill." Whenever somebody asks us how long we've been married... Whenever somebody asks us how long we've been married, we always answer: Me: Eight wonderful years. Wife: Eleven years.
Lebron James quits basketball to become an actor And he's taking his talents to Hollywood Me: What's with the look? Hub: How would you like a full-service massage? Me: I would, but will you and the kids be okay while I'm gone?
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather Not screaming and yelling like everyone else in the car. There is no Control (Ctrl) button on Chuck Norris' computer. Chuck Norris is always in control.
I never bought candy bars from those kids on my doorstep so I guess they're all in gangs now. THIS IS A TEST OF THE EMERGENCY ALERT SYSTEM I'm out of beer.
PATIENT: I bet medical school was pretty tough DR DOG: yeah I remember one time I did my assignment 4 times bc I ate the first 3 copies lol Why does a VC always enter a room backwards? To keep an eye on the exit
I don't like thinking about gravity. It brings me down. What do you call a country of grizzlies that is always stoned? A hibearnation.
Babies are just people that haven't hurt your feelings yet. I'm not in favour of student loans. I think people should get their own student.
Everyone worries about Pao. They should be worried about... Darude Sandstorm It's the first day of Autumn so let's make like Humpty Dumpty!! And have a great Fall!
How many white teenagers does it take to change a lightbulb ...none they would rather sit in the dark (im white teenage and mean no harm in this joke) An English man, an Irish man, and a Scots man walk into a pub. They head to the bar and the bartender says, "what is this, some kind of joke?!"
My tampon just leaked during my bath and now it looks like I made a tub full of passion fruit tea. Vulnerability is the last thing I want you to see in me, and the first thing I look for in you.
What does your mom and a rain forest have in common? If you look deep enough in the bush, you might find a cockatoo. How do you know that toothpaste was invented in Arkansas? Because if it were invented anywhere else, it'd be called teethpaste.
Why did the feminist cross the road? To suck my cock! What band's fanbase is the most charitable? U2, they're all pro-bono.
Cocaine I tried and failed to use cocaine. It kept falling off the mirror in the bathroom. What kind of cheese should Richard eat? Ricotta
A book fell on my head the other day, I only have my shelf to blame To be or not to be? That is the question. The answer? Chuck Norris.
Did you hear about that free-range astrophysicist buffalo? His name was Neil. Neil da Grass-fed Bison. What did the black kid get on his SAT? Barbecue sauce
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroganoff. Teacher: We're going to need you to work with your daughter on humility. Me: I was never good with weather stuff but I'll give it a shot.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Aldo ! Aldo who ? Aldo anywhere with you ! I have a joke to tell. Can you reddit?
Yo momma's so fat... She got more chins than a Hong Kong phone book. There are a lot of deadbeat dads out there trying to make up for lost time by "liking" their grown children's facebook updates.
What do Nazi Germany and vaginas have in common? Their tendency to subjugate poles. I accidentally started this account when I was looking for a banana bread recipe and things have gone horribly wrong.
There is a fine line between "important to me" and "dead to me." Don't walk it. What's the hardest part about roller blading? Telling your parents that you're gay.
How can you call someone and sound fabulous? Use a homophone. What do you call an Asian guy who is a member of ISIS? RICE-IS
I have a confession to make. I've been having sex with my staff. What's worse is I'm self employed!!!! Badaboom! Two potatoes are standing on the corner. How can you tell which one is the hooker? The one with the sticker that says, "Idaho".
Why is your nose in the middle of your face? Because it's the scenter. I have to say to you something... something.
Don't be afraid to be open-minded. Your brain isn't going to fall out. The more complex the handshake, the less complex the individual.
I wish I could erase my memory of certain movies so I could watch them again for the first time. As if being a surgeon wasn't enough you're a general too?
Approach a woman in a bar and whisper "Hey, wanna get out of here?" If she says yes, you can sit where she was. What do you call Hitler underwater? Adolfin.
How many communists died during ww2? not enough Did you know Oxford university was founded before the Aztec Empire? That explains the sacrifices my parents had to make to pay my tuition
What did the bee say to his wife? No on knows. It's a Mister Bee. I over-think, therefore I ruin everything
If a duck and a elephant were to vote They'd vote for donald trunk I asked one of my sumo-wrestling friends whether he wanted some sushi for dinner He just replied "No thanks, I'm not a big Japanese guy"
What did the spice merchant say when someone knocked on his door? Cumin! Why did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his pizza before it was cool
Bigfoot walks into a bar.. The bartender is no longer able to discern reality and spends the rest of his life in a mental institution. What did the unimpressed cheese say? Que... so?
What do black people and Apple Inc. have in common? They have no jobs When you hear "I do not love you but we can be friends" it's like... your mother says "Your dog died but you can keep it".
How can you tell an old person from a young person? An old person can sing and brush their teeth at the same time. How do you blindfold an Asian person? You put floss over his eyes.
How does a neckbeard make a scotch egg? He has to Breddit What language do British wrenches speech? Spanish!
Where do most black people work? In jail Q: What's the difference between a moose and an ant? A: A moose has antlers, but an ant doesn't have mooselers.
What do you call? What do you call a donkey with three legs?? A wonkey!! What type of fruit do twins prefer? Pears.
Put your right leg in, Put your right leg in, Put your right leg in, Put your right leg in, Put your right leg out, Put -spider hokey pokey if u see someone chewing gum in the morning, it's 100% bc they didn't brush their teeth. they're nasty as hell n not worthy of ur respect
For sale: Standards. Mint condition. Barely used. "You know the newest cars drive themselves. And they found that by turning an equal amount left and right, you end up going straight." "I swear, officer."
Had a very hot curry last night and now my asshole is on fire ... I'm suffering from deja vindaloo. Game of Thrones is why I have trust issues.
One man's girlfriend is another man's Twitter password. 4 out of 5 dentists agree that pursuing dentistry was a mistake.
Girl, do you have a defibrillator? Cause my heart stops everytime I see you What the difference between the titanic and climate change? Climate change beat the ice berg
Fact: 9/10 people enjoy date rape Adulthood is about being able to eat cookies for breakfast, but not doing it because you already ate all the cookies.
Your mom's got eight vaginas and a Ph.D. We call her Dr. Octopus. Why shouldn't you invite a duck to go out drinking? Because it would be a party fowl.
What do you call a hirsute ceramicist? Hairy Potter What do you call a pickle sandwich that's a scientist? Dill Rye
Son: Dad can sand melt? Me putting down my glass: Don't be ridiculous of course it can't Whenever I'm getting off a plane I like to go up to the pilot, lean in really close and whisper "I had my phone on that whole time."
What do you call a redhead with a yeast infection? Gingerbread What is Chuck Norris' only weakness? Cancer
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator! Why was Leia disappointed on her wedding night? Han shot first.
To understand the difference between Italians and Canadians all you need to know is two things. Italian sausage and Canadian bacon... I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
Cakeday special - what did the Chinese gangster do? Made him an offer he couldn't understand I saw a group of transvestites driving really fast... ... it took me a while to realise that they were drag-racing.
I hope Jessica Biel names her first child Batmo. What do you call a horny dog in the kitchen? A fur-tile bitch
What's the difference between parsley.... and pussy? Nobody eats parsley anymore. Just went sledding for the first time I liked it until I got on the sled. It was all down hill from there.
How do you plug a plow into a car stereo? Through the ox input. Twitter is the only place where you're thrilled when a complete stranger starts following you.
Fart when people hug you. It makes them feel strong. What do you call a bee that gets engaged? A Beyonce.
What do you call a handjob from a rocket scientist? A stroke of genius. My heart goes out to the teenage girls in California who, due to the drought, can no longer take "unusually long" baths like we did
Two things I will never understand the appeal of: 1) Open relationships 2) Hairless cats I've got the eye of the tiger, heart of a lion, and... a lifetime ban from the zoo.
A local census says that on average, 1 in every 4 guys is gay I hope it's Dave- i think he's kinda cute Test post pls ignore I TOLD U TO IGNORE IT
Every time I see the headline 'tragedy on film set' I think oh god m knight shymalan is making another goddamn movie I proposed to my Mexican girlfriend but she said... I wasn't the Juan.
Last night I wrote myself a letter. But I forgot to sign it and now I don't know who it's from. im near a club thats popular with college kids and a white girl in a wu-tang shirt just yelled "PBR! WOOOO!"
My doctor gave me six months to live. I told him I couldn't pay my bill. He gave me another six months. why would old man skeletor wait until the 3rd period of the final game to introduce new uniforms to the team you're a stupid old man
A cubical is a great place to reflect on all the bad decisions you've made in your life I must remember...no matter how well hidden I might be in my cardoard box fort, my boss can still track me down by the giggling.
I asked my yoga teacher what my purpose in life is she said " To inspire and then expire" need a Justin Bieber joke about the fist fight he got into last night
What do you call a cross between a donkey and an onion? A piece of ass that will bring a tear to your eye The other day, I sent my girlfriend a huge pile of snow... I called her up and asked, ''Did you get my drift?''
What do you call a person who makes surrealist sandwiches? Salvador Deli. [First date] Ok, don't let her know you're a pharmacist Her: Can you pass the salt? "Sure, it'll be ready in two hours."
I can tell a train has been through here recently... You know how I can tell? Cause there is its tracks. What does a food lover do when they try a new food? They CURIOUSLY MASTERCATE.
Why shouldn't white people swim? Crackers get soggy when wet. Why do Welsh farmers .... Why do Welsh farmers tend to have sex with sheep on the edge of a cliff? So the sheep will push back
What do terrorists eat when its sunny? Choc-ISIS Why is there such a shortage of teachers in Africa? Teacher's aides
I like my coffee like I like my women. Strong and Bitter TIL That Oscar Pistorius once opened a pizza parlor only to have it fail and go bankrupt. The cause? His car was always breaking down, so OP never delivered.
What's the worst thing your wife can say during sex Honey I'm home Q: Why did the blond quit his restroom attendant job? A: He couldn't figure out how to refill the hand dryer!
Guys who say they like girls who don't wear makeup really mean they like girls that look really hot without the help of makeup. I'm dating a supermodel with hemiparesis. She's not half-bad.
How do you know you are at a picnic with gay men? All the hot dogs taste like shit I wasn't trying to put you on a pedestal. I was trying to bend you over it.
Next time, instead of complaining about how bad you have it, think about other people, and how to make things bad for them. Do you want to hear a joke about suicide? So there was this girl.
Horse trots up and says to mirror: "why the long face?" Mirror says "It's okay, I'm just a bit reflective today." I'll be here all week folks. I would make a joke about Mexicans... ...but that would be crossing the border
"You have 15 seconds to convince me of why I should call you back. Good luck." - my voicemail message Q: Why do blondes always drink with straws? A: Practice.
TIFU by making my husband the wrong sandwich Oops, wrong sub! I call my Penis Batman... ... Woman love it, when the dark night rises.
It's the eye of the tiger. It's the spleen of a sheep. Kids and adults loved it so, the happy world of Harambe. #neverforget
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam You can't peanut butter your dick up someone's ass Women aren't that complicated. They just want an honest and genuine guy who will give them insincere compliments they might not deserve.
What is 6.9? A really good time ruined by a period. It's stupid to just ask "where" a sorority girl is when the more accurate question is "where in Target" is she.
How many mosquitoes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two. But I don't know how they got in there. Salamanders are the most passive aggressive animal. You grab their tail and they're like "have that one, I don't even want it"
Why does a dog? Why does a dog lick its butt? To get the taste of dog food out of its mouth. Q: What do you call cheese that isn't yours? A: Nacho cheese.
Why are libraries so strict? Because they have to go by the book. Why did the cows come back to the marijuana field? The pot was calling the cattle back
Went to Bingo yesterday, Got two fat ladies... Worst 3some ever. I like my women like I like my coffee I hate coffee.
Just slung my bra off & threw it to the other side of the couch where there are already 2 other bras. If my math is right, it's Wednesday. *aggressively keeps eye contact with attractive people to let them know I mean business*
I wonder if clouds look down on us and say shit like "That one's shaped like an idiot." How to break up with someone: You: Your ex is attractive. Partner: Which one? You: ME. You: BYEEEE
Can't decide if I should start this laundry or fake my own death. Never under estimate the value of stretching...the truth.
What did the Reddit admins do for Christmas? [removed] I went on a boat trip around Paris, ...it was in-seine!
What idiot called them atheists instead of non-parishables? Cocaine is never a solution... Unless it's dissolved in water.
All Condoms have serial numbers on them- They do? I've never seen one- Yeah, C'mon, you know..Big numbers...at the...Oh... I guess you've never had to roll one back that far.... Why did the ghost cross the road to get to the "Other Side".
If 4 people have sex is called a four-some 3 people have sex is a three-some and 2 people have sex is a two-some Now you know why they call me handsome "well well well, if it isn't the person who didn't like my Instagram photo" is how i like to address pretty much everyone
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was out standing in his field I just got an email offering "free bible verses". You know, because who can afford bible verses?
How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a lightbulb? How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a light bulb? None. They just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw. Never eat spoiled meat Or spoiled eggs
reverse racism the biggest joke of all I like my coffee like I like my slaves... ...Free
A man would never say... STOP SUCKING MY DICK OR I'LL CALL THE POLICE! I used to think that "Lacrosse"... Was what the French called that thing that Jesus carried on his back.
Did you hear Ben and Jerry's are naming a flavor in honor of Jerry Sandusky? They are calling it Raspberry Turnover Where does Dracula live? Monte Cristo
Professor: What is an independent variable? Student: A variable who don't need no man The Camping Chemist Why do chemists never do well on camping trips? Because they pack titrations.
I went to specsavers the other day.. ...guess who I bumped into? Everyone! I'm gonna make like a standards censor and get the fuck outta here.
Why did Bill Cosby go to Japan with a bag of roofies? He had Jello fever! BREAKING NEWS: California's drought is over Water supply flourishing from the tears of the racist, homophobic, and conservative southerners.
What did the Buffalo say to his son that was leaving for College? Bison ISIS should hire me... I have a lot of experience when it comes to bombing, especially on final exams.
me: "4,000 for a beehive?" salesman: "sir, there are 8,000 bees in there, that's only 50p each" me: [checking my wallet] "give me 3 bees" The secret to my success lies with you having a poor grasp on it's definition.
Fun Fact: If you lie down in an aisle at Walmart for a couple hours, they will tag you and put you in a clearance bin. One agent stops by another agent's table to tell him the big news: "Elvis just died!"  The second agent says nothing then starts nodding. "Good career move."
How do you play Iraqi bingo?  F18...B52...F18 What game do they play at Mexican carnivals? Guaca-mole!
What's the difference?? What's the difference between Cinderella and Princess Diana?  At midnight Cinderella's car didn't turn into a wall. Sorry I got confused & grabbed your fist bump like a doorknob.
Save the date! Someone is trying to ruin it by having a wedding. Apparently SeaWorld CEO has declared an end to kissing and dancing for its performing Orcas... Now those whales will know how I felt at my high school prom!
Forget waterboarding... I'm ready to tell this damn popcorn kernel stuck in my tooth everything it wants to know. Why did Hitler suicide? He got the gas bill
good news and bad news. bad news is the dog pissed on the bed "we don't have a dog" *smiles getting ready to deliver the good news* Diamonds are a girl's best friend until you realize they turn you into a shallow ho
I can't believe how much I cried after that recent episode of the Game of Thrones! "*There will be no walk of atonement."* Sigh. What does an Ent want? A bad birch.
Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary? It runs in your genes! I think back to all the times I've masturbated up until now... ...its just nice to know how far I've cum.
I like my weekdays like Marx likes his societies. Classless. Life hack: McDonald's will deliver if you tell them that you are holding Ronald hostage for a ransom of [your desired food order]
Q: What do you call that great feeling of satisfaction you get when you finish your homework? A: The aftermath. I read an actual newspaper today! For those of you who don't understand, a newspaper is like the Internet but made of paper.
What is worse than finding a worm in your apple? Being raped by a giant praying mantis. For two years in high school, I took guitar lessons. Something interesting I learned is that guitar resale nets a 45% loss.
What's it called when the queen farts? Helium Neon Argon Krypton Xenon Radon The Pink Panther's To Do list: - To do - To do - To do, to do, to do, to do, to doooo
As soon as I walk in, I can feel every woman at the gym dressing me with their eyes. I Like My Coffee How I Like My Women Tied up in a burlap sack and dragged through the Andes by a donkey.
"We're going to need a bigger pocket." - iPhone 6 Plus I love posting spam. Although, I've been warned again by the Royal Mail not to mail bits of meat in the post.
How Can You Tell It's Fall In Florida? When the color of the license plates start to change. Q: What kind of lettuce did they serve on the Titanic? A: Iceberg.
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Disco Barbie ...dressed in chiffon; inclbiudes disco ball It's been about 3 years since my last drink and I'm still hungover.
I have a new word for vibrator ... selfie stick look son, i kinda need you to go to hong kong & win a martial arts tournament to the death for me because i sorta told my neighbor you did
Sometimes I leave a trail of pizza crumbs around the house so I can find my way back to the TV How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? It's a really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
Did you hear about the lawyer selling moonshine from a van outside the courthouse? He was disbarred. TIL That I'm NEVER getting prostate cancer
If only there were mosquito nets in Africa... We could save millions of mosquitoes from dying needlessly of AIDS. Whats that over there? I don't know but i think i just got a raging clue
This is Bill Bill has a wife Bill isn't scared of his wife & says what he wants when he.. This is Bill's wife Bill is no longer available I was told the Highlander was stopping by a Mexican nightclub When I showed up to the party, there was only Juan.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Costa ! Costa who ? Costa lot ! I just picked a Chapstick up from my bedside table, spent 30 seconds trying to get the lid off with my teeth, then realized it was a battery
Technically... It's only illegal when you get arrested. They should just rename double stuffed Oreos to regular Oreos. And rename regular Oreos to "Do it Yourself Double Oreo Kits".
Genders are like the twin towers There used to be two of them and now it's a really touchy subject A group of mountain climbers once heard Father Christmas go past. They must have had sharp ears! They were mountain-ears!
What does Egyptian airport security have in common with Los Angeles airport security? Both have LAX security. When your girlfriend is PMS'ing, cheer her up by showing her that "totally weird" text you got from your ex last night.
[nsfw] This is the worst joke I have heard.... What's the difference between an apple and a dead baby? You don't cum on an apple before you eat it... i put tinder on my kindle it burst into flames
What is the quickest way to get Trump out of The White House?? Put Monica Lewinsky in there. She's not the hero we deserve, but she'd be da real MVP we need right now. What do you call... ...a man with no arms and no legs in the ocean? Bob
Knock Knock! *Who's there?* Dwayne. *Dwayne who?* DWAYNE DA BAFFTUB!! I'M DWOWNIN'!! Whenever I show someone a picture on my phone, I assume ninja stance in case they start scrolling.
Shutdown Apocalypse Update: GPS is down. Using a refrigerator magnet as a compass. I think it's just pointing to another refrigerator. I have an internet porn addiction. i really should beat it...
Why do we call it politics? Because poly means many and ticks mean blood-sucking parasites. What do you get when you mix a public speaker with someone who had tourettes? A clock! One provides the tic, the other provides the talk Credit to my Autistic Big Bro
You haven't truly won an argument until the other person says "whatever" ! What's the difference between an epileptic oyster and a prostitute with IBS? Well, one you have to shuck between fits...
I got a shopping cart today with 4 working wheels, it was full of lingerie models and self confidence and I was dreaming Who won the Tour de France in 1940? the Sixth German Panzer Division
Stephen Hawking believes he's solved a huge mystery about black holes ...and he'll keep believing as long as we all play along, ok? He's adorable. I wish my wife was better in bed. <sighs> <disables autocorrect> I wish my WiFi was better in bed.
Seems like ladies hate being asked how their Thanksgiving was, no matter how playfully I pat their stomachs. Oscar Isaac wasn't nominated so far despite his performances in Inside Llewyn Davis and Ex Machina Talk about an Oscar being snubbed
Just had to ask myself, "What would a competent person do in this situation?" Why are atoms so serious? Because they're no laughing matter.
[during sex] HER: this isn't working out ME: *putting sock puppet away* was it something he said? "But what about all the Positive Nancys?" ~ a Nancy, complaining like usual
Want to know how to make your PC faster? Paint it black. A tragic haiku hipsters panicking need a new pretentious food quinoa's too mainstream
What do bees chew? Bumble gum. A drummer trips and falls on a sheep, a candy brand, and then a running faucet *Baa Dum tss*
I go in hard, I come in soft, you blow me. What am I? Gum. If it wasn't for the internet, I would think "12 Years A Slave" was a movie about a guy exaggerating about the first 3 weeks of marriage.
Doctor: That deafness cure help your brother? Archie: Sure did! He hadn't heard a sound in years and the very day after he took that medicine he heard from America! I don't live in my mother's basement... I live in your mother's basement.
So a man is alone in a forest And if his wife isn't around to hear him. Is he still wrong? How do deaf mathematicians communicate? Through sine language.
I've been calling my wife "honey" for 12 years because I don't know how to tell her I forgot her name. Teacher: Why have you got cotton wool in your ears do you have an infection ? Pupil: Well you keep saying that things go in one ear and out the other so I am trying to keep them it all in!
What do you call a guy who hangs out with a bunch of musicians? A drummer. "You the bomb." "No, you the bomb." In America, a compliment. In the Middle East, an argument.
He was next in line at Starbucks. Then she cut in front of him. Liam Neeson in TAKEN 3: SKINNY VANILLA MAYHEM. What does the license plate of the sheep farmer say? Ewe haul.
Bet you can't guess my favorite hue Hue Jackman What do you call a Mexican baptism? A bean dip.
I hate gingerbread. If I owned a bakery, I wouldn't tolerate gingerbread. I'd be like, "Get outta here, you redhead. Your money isn't good here." Have you heard about Samsung's new video game based on the Galaxy Note 7? They're calling it Mass Defect.
What do Indian Flowers grow? Patels. Why did Van Gogh become a painter? Because he didn't have an ear for music.
Reddit is going orange From what I hear it's a new black. What is smaller than a teeny weenie fly? A fly's teeny weenie.
Q: What did the writing utensil take for his high sugar level? A: Pencil-in. Just found out that umbrellas open up. I always wondered why my rain stick never kept me dry. We never stop learning do we.
What's the difference between a white Jew and a black Jew? The black Jew has to sit in the back of the gas chamber. How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb...? ...to get to the other side
My wife just cleaned out her purse. So, she'll be having a garage sale later this week. Have you seen www.veryangry.com? No AND STOP ASKING ME STUPID QUESTIONS!
I just found the worst page in the entire dictionary... What I saw was disgraceful, disgusting, dishonest, and disingenuous ... Ever wonder about those people who spend $2.00 on those little bottles of Evian water? Try spelling Evian backwards.
why did Hitler kill himself because he saw his gas bill What's every movie critic's favorite cooking ingredient? Michael Bay Leaves.
I tried to offer my school administrator a bribe But he was too principled Some joke my dad told me a long time ago What's one profession that doctors, lawyers, even the king of Saudi Arabia and the presidents of the USSR and US bow their heads to? Barbers.
Knock Knock Who's there? Doris. Doris who? Doris locked, that's why I'm knocking! Lovey dovey couples look best when viewed through the scope of a high powered rifle.
What do you call a woman who's not wearing underwear? A barracuchi. Gotta love those girls in department stores wearing lab coats--taking time away from their experiments to help women out with their makeup.
Every function without you will always be void of love. Green Lantern That name has a nice ring to it
Running out of space for your porn collection? Just download midget porn, it's half the size Why was the pig happy when reviewers criticized his story? Because they called it garbage.
Tombstone: Here lies Houdini 2nd Tombstone: Now I'm over here Why is the upcoming Windows OS called Windows 10? Because 7 ate 9...
whats the difference between Michael Phelps and adolf hitler Michael Phelps can finish a race A baby of few hours old is third in line for the highest title in the UK.
Told my grandma that some chimps and monkeys are learning to hunt with Spears. She responded with "what? Are they gonna join isis too?" Messi carrying Argentina. Neymar carrying Brazil. British Airways carrying England
If the Pottery Barn didn't want me to bring my goat in the store, they shouldn't have called it a barn. My wife and I just made a porno. Too bad she's my late wife.
I once new a guy that worked at a tool and die company... ...He was hit with a tool, and died Dance like no one is watching! Comment like you don't live in your mom's basement!
What Does a Duck Smoke? ( _)&gt;- **Quack** (_) What do you call a rough Italian neighborhood? A Spaghetto
What did the three holes in the ground say? Well, well, well My grandpa's favorite joke. Took me five years to get it. What does a Pirate say on his Eightieth birthday? AYE MATEY!
What's the difference between George Zimmerman and Trayvon Martin? Zimmerman can dodge a bullet. Dear Americans: It's called snow. It's cold and wet, but can't hurt you from inside the house. It has no opposable thumbs. #AskCanada
What do you call it when fish stop having babies? Minnow-pause What's the difference between a white story and a black story? A white story starts with "Once Apon a Time" and a black story starts with "Y'all ain't gonna believe this"
What did the blonde say when she looked down at her bowl of Cheerios? Look, donut seeds! Why do I like sweet potatoes? Cuz they're yammy!!!
Computer: Login failed. Did you forget your password? Me: oh shi-- [Cut to my password waiting alone on the side of a soccer field] What's the difference between MLK day and St Patrick's day? Nobody minds being Irish for one day!!!!
Yesterday, my Muslim friend ask me if I want to breakfast together It was stupid to wait at his door on 9am. "I made $200.05 giving BJ's to people yesterday." "Who gave you a nickel?" "Everyone did."
Monica Lewinsky turns 39!! They grow up so fast...seems like yesterday she was crawling around the White House on her hands and knees puting everything in her mouth!!! What do you call a hooker with no limits? Your mom.
Damn, girl! Are you Iocane Powder? Because I've spent the last few years of my life building up an immunity to Iocane Powder. So, yeah... Boy, your name must be Adobe cuz when you call me up for a date, I say "Ask me again later."
What's the difference between an all girls soccer team and a tribe of pygmies? One is a bunch of cunning runts. Imagine if last names were invented now, so instead of "Smith" and "Baker," we had "Frontenddeveloper" and "Socialmediaconsultant."
I saw my ex girlfriend broken down with two flat tires this morning which made me late for work... Nine times I drove past before she noticed me laughing at her. Detective: how were u able to do it? Serial Killer: thanks to the flexibility of Uber. I was able to work my own hours and still murder
Those "Speed Enforced by Aircraft" signs don't understand how eager I am to get pulled over by an F-16. What do they feed a gorilla when he goes to  Paris? Ape Suzettes!
Mummy! Mummy! Have you seen my Cabbage Patch  Doll? Be quiet and finish your coleslaw! Kids these days think Christmas is all about getting presents instead of celebrating the birth of Santa Claus.
What do you call a hatred for large plants? Bigotree How to avoid clickbait? clearly, you wouldn't know...
MY NECK, MY BACK, A STRANGER TOOK MY CAT I saw my brother kiss my uncle today. I'm starting to think he's relatively gay.
What do you call a cancerous growth on a clown? A *humor*. What did Hitler's cat think of the Holocaust? It was purrfect.
My dad I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker. But when I got home, all the signs were there. did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic!
What do you call a Mexican in quick sand? Quatro Sinko What breathes out but never in? Your asshole
Where do you party on a ship? Where the funnel be! What's the worst cut of steak? Amazon Prime.
My wife's a biology teacher... This morning she asked how I wanted my eggs. I told her, "Ovariesy." My wife is like a treasure You'll need an accurate map and a fucking shovel to find her.
I feel like aging is a lot easier for unattractive people. A man walks into a bear... He is mauled to death.
How would it be living in an only men city? I think it would be tight at first, but then it would loosen up after a while. When Canada abolished the penny there was no public protest at all... ...I guess Canada fears change
We have to break up. What? Why? It's not Staryu... it's Starmie. Grandpa looks at his grandson and says, "Go hide! Your teacher is here because you skipped school today." The grandson says, "No, you go hide. I told her you were dead!"
Why is the United States always in political disarray? It's a nation without a litre. Being God means never having to say you're sorry. Or anything, really.
How do you tell if your gas station attendant is a former porn star? Right before he finishes pumping your gas he takes it out and sprays it all over your car A solid way to make your waiter's head explode is to order a grilled cheese with no bread.
What do a coffee pot, Irene, and the reigning Stanley Cup champions have in common? They're a-Brew'in! "Hey dad! Did you get a haircut?" "No. I got them all cut."
"I just called to say I love you." -Stevie Wonder not understanding how prank calls work A guy walks into a bar... He says ouch.
My math teacher called me average How mean. All the kids had a name except
What do you call phrases that Jews often say? Judaisms. Mickey is getting a divorce "mickey mouse it says you want to divorce minnie because she was...... extremely silly?" "no, i said she was fucking goofy"
Joined Match.com... And all I got was a lit cigarette hey maybe ur parents care so much about ur birthday becuase it celebrates how long theyve been able to keep something alive for
What game do 18 dogs like to play during the summer? Woofleball I just watched a documentary on marijuana They should all be watched that way
The difference between a rock band and a jazz group The rock band will play 3 chords in front of 1000 people. The jazz group will play 1000 chords in front of 3 people. My friends recently got some copy of his grandfather's auschwitz diaries. They're a little brief though. Day 1: Showers
It's like my pastor always says, "Who are you and why are you stealing wine?" If intelligent people don't start procreating faster than the trash in "Here Comes Honey Boo Boo," we're all heading towards a very  dismal future. Am I the only one seeing this?
Heard the one about the wealthy lesbian prostitute? She makes money hand over fist George washington said "We would have a black president when pigs fly!" ... well, swine flu.
I was going to tell a gay joke. Butt fuck it! Wheres the best place to hide a body? Page 2 of google search results
Imagine a world without war where we remember scientists and artists. It turns out smoking prevents Alzheimers. You don't live long enough to develop it.
How to legalize animal poaching ? Drop a kid in their zoo enclosure. What happened before the Big Bang? Of course, The Big Foreplay.
Brazil is getting slaughtered I can't take it an Neymar An introvert looks down at his own shoes. An extrovert looks at other people's shoes.
Why was the math book sad? It had a lot of problems My running tights are giving me a mean camel toe. I'm going to wear my "Mind the Gap" t-shirt to the gym
Setp 1: Learn Spelling What dinosaur has the best vocabulary? The bronthesaurus.
Two lawyers are sitting in a bar... ... When a hot blonde walks in. The one lawyer says, "Man, wouldn't you like to screw that?" and the other lawyer replies, "Outta what?" What is the difference between the people in Dubai &amp; the people in Abu Dhabi? The people in Dubai don't watch The Flintstones, but the people in Abu Dhabi Do!
What do you call a guy with no legs at your front door? Matt All I'm saying is, China could have a much better relationship with the West if they shared their dragons with us but whatever be that way.
Sometimes you have to choose between what is hard and what is easy Luckily for you I'm both right now An orange juice factory decides to host a movie night.. They will be screening Pulp Fiction
How does ISIL prefer their eggs? Sunni side up at first. But they always end up scrambled. I don't care about heaven when I die I just want to know which words I used the most and how many bears I unknowingly walked by &other stats
Whenever I see a middle-aged guy trying desperately to hang onto his youth, I always think "I should move this mirror". Level of Spanish - I understand what's going on by the intonation.
I told my chef wife that if she were to leave me... please leave me one of your incredible cupcakes. She replied..."I won't dessert you." 4yo: Raise your hand if you are young Me: *raises hand 4yo: No, daddy, not you.
You know you're in your 30's and single when you automatically look for wedding rings even while watching porn. Dear people with resolutions, Please bring all your unwanted.. bread, junk food, soda, drugs, and alcohol to my house. Thanks.
The other day I got pulled over, and when the cop walked up I pulled out my 9mm Once he stopped laughing he wrote me up for indecent exposure Why is there only women's studies in college, but not men's? Because we call men's studies history.
What do you calll a woman that people sit on ? Cher ! My welcome mat says, "Oh shit! Not you again!"
A Priest and a Rabbi were walking down the street. They spied a young boy playing up the street. The Priest said to the Rabbi, "let's go up and fuck that boy". The Rabbi said "out of how much". All police should quit, just to teach us a lesson. We'll beg them to beat and gas us, but they'll be like nope, you didn't appreciate it
So an Irish man walks out of a bar... After viewing The Aristocrats, What are Redditors version of this joke. Surely this place can come up with some pretty dirty shit for this one.
Anybody wanna play Pearl Harbour? I lay down and you blow me to heavens! Joke What is a bed's motto
I like to bring bags of winter clothes into strip clubs and tell them to cover up. Then yell how they're embarrassing the family. I don't envy mama birds for how they have to feed their babies, but the pushing them out of the nest part sounds fun.
Why was Santa's little helper depressed?  Because he had low elf esteem. did you hear about the man who cooled to absolute zero? he is OK now.
April is alcohol awareness month.....I think we're all aware. Cheers! As a quiet and skinny person, I feel like we should charge loud and fat people more to ride the subway. It won't be difficult to implement either. All we would need to do is charge them by volume.
What do Russians and gays have in common? They both like bears. Did you hear Ellen DeGeneres drowned? They found her face down in Rikki Lake
I hate it when I go to bed and forget to turn off my swag. Turns out you have to *tell* a guy you're going out, otherwise you just end up standing on his doorstep wondering why he's in his sweats.
A man came to my door earlier and asked for a small donation towards the town's new swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water I tried to walk into Target... But I missed. - Mitch Hedberg RIP.
My friend can talk about auto-erotic asphyxiation til he's blue in the face. How lost members does it take to change a lightbulb?
When I hear someone complain that their towns are boring with nothing to do, all I hear is a boring person who doesn't know how to have fun. If I were British these tweets would be worth 1.61 times as much.
What do you call an alligator wearing a vest? An in"vest"igator :D What's similar between Gump and Trump? They are both mentally challenged and "just felt like runnin'"
I've adjusted my insults to be more pc Instead of calling people gay, I call them straight. What did the plant say to the other plant that it really liked alot? let me be your *soil*mate
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need 1 nail to hang the picture I'm fed up with all that Superman crap. He saves old women & extinguish fires, but when he flies over Africa, he pretends he doesn't see us?
I was doing the dishes and i realized.. If we could cover our Military vehicles in dried egg yolk we would be unstoppable. I went to the fancy dress shop the other day but they couldn't help me complete my wizard costume You just can't get the staff.
Black people love boom boxes .. I hate to generalize, but it's their stereotype ;-) Relationship status: My sex toys have 2 drawers now.You know you're getting old when everything either dries up or leaks
I'm going to hire a Priest, a Doctor and a Rabbi to walk into a bar together just to see WTF happens. Backup Plan: I'll also bring a horse. Confucius say when mosquito land on testicle, you learn to solve problem without violence
Why is it called PMS'ing? Mad cow disease was already taken. Why don't women like drinking beer at the beach? Because they'll get sand in their schlitz.
What do jehovah's witnesses believe in? That I will open the door Who me? Ohhh, I'm just driving around town, painting "free candy" on the side of creepy looking vans.
Two Jihadis Walked In to a bar They didn't blow it up. Henry Tudor: "I'm going to build a car park in the centre of Leicester." Richard III: "Over my dead body."
"I wasn't that drunk..." "Dude, you threw an Iphone in your blender and screamed 'I WANT APPLE JUICE!' " Gaining weight when you are still owing me money is a sign of disrespect
When you gaze into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you, wraps a towel around itself and screams oh wait that's my neighbor haha Hi Pam! They say money doesn't grow on trees So what are hedgefunds then?
I called that Rape Advice Line earlier today. Unfortunately, it's only for victims. Me: Play dead My Dog: *drives to my office and starts doing my job*
What has a 10 foot neck four legs and loves money. A Jewraffe Bum at the bus stop, lady walks up with dress up her crack, bum discretely pulls it out, lady slaps him, [hand gesture pushing it back into crack]
Everybody keeps downvoting my racist jokes It's like a load of black people have suddenly gotten laptops or something. I remember 2016 As if it were a normal year.
Why are there so many doctors in India? Because about 20 million people are Sikh. "I don't want you to freak out, but..." - someone with a shaky grasp of how anxiety works
What do you call a German with a cold? Your porn name is your first pet and the street you grew up on? So my porn name is Glenn Beck? Fuck that shit!
Just to clarify: If original content is about Carlos Mencia, is it a repost? A child was born with no eyelids, so doctors created some using his foreskin It worked okay, but he was a little cockeyed
*ding* This is your captain speaking. We... Is this what my voice sounds like? Nobody told me! Haha, wow, weird. We're out of fuel. That awkward moment when Chris Brown sees a hot chick and says "I'd hit that."
I recently turned 18 and got an eye test Kind of bummed I didn't get adult super vision THE XBOX IS BEING ATTACKED! Here Comes The Ambulance Wii U Wii U Wii U
Kid says "mommy how come I'm black and your white? Mom says "listen the way I remember that party you're lucky you don't bark" Being Poor A man complains to his wife saying, "We're so poor we can't even afford punchlines to our jokes!" And she says...
I get suicidal when I play guitar So I don't fret about it Sorry [8] Do not break eye contact with your waitress as you put the spaghetti in your wallet.
I can't wait until humans move to a new planet and someone says, 'Remember having 24-hour days?' and some jerk responds, 'First world problems.' -Geoffrey Asmus I'd hate to play baseball with the witches from Macbeth Because they think that Fair is Foul and Foul is Fair.
What do you call a medical student that graduated at the bottom of his class with a 2.0 GPA? A doctor Once a clock was very tired.. What does that clock say at 1 o'clock night? 1 AM feeling very sleepy.
Why doesn't democracy work in china? Because no one wants to hold an erection. I lost 40 Pounds in 4 months!! I didn't realize the British stock market was so volatile.
What's the difference between sex and conversation? You don't know? Well let's go have a discussion... Why did the Chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide
Why are vegans so salty? To hide the fact that their food has no flavor. Salesman: first time buying a motorcycle? Me: that obvious? Salesman: nobody asks "how loud is the vroom?" they ask "what's the vroomage?"
Where assholes go to die The cheap toilet paper section. *drinks small coffee after 8pm* *spends rest of life on internet*
Why isn't Half-Life 3 coming out? Because 2 Half-Lives = 1 whole life. Why do pigs have flat snouts? From running in to trees.
Why did the knight stop fighting after all his limbs had been chopped of? He'd been unarmed and defeated How do you break up with a farmer long-distance? A John Deere letter.
Pillow fights didn't last as long in the Stone Age. Bruce Willis found dead.... ....bored with acting
What do you call a dog that does magic? A labracadabrador so true story, i just mindlessly outstretched my fingers to graze the rear end of a Macy's mannequin that turned out to be a real human man
Why did the Irishman only put 239 beans in his soup? Because one more would have been too farty. I don't know what it is, but there is something strangely sexy about the way my grandad gets down doggystyle so I can wipe him. nevermind.
new book out: "How I Fell Off a Cliff" by Eileen Dover My dad told me he was gay, i didnt believe him until my other dad comfirmed it
Racist comments... Just like grandma used to make How do they practice safe sex in Wyoming? They mark the sheep that kick.
I've lost all ability to feel... I'm numb.... I'm starting to slip away... I look forward to the empty, meaningless void Now pull the damn tooth, Doctor A jaguar asked an colourful arsehole with a big nose to join him in hide and seek... Toucan play that game.
Do scooby got a booty? Scooby doo. e=mc2 was just Einstein comparing himself to other rappers
Why did the cowboy buy a dachshund? So he could get a long little doggy! Coworker: What book you reading there? Me: 'How To Kidnap A Coworker' CW:... Me: Not you, Karen. A pretty one.
Why are muslim people so kind-hearted? Because they don't live long, especially when they're a bomb Her: Wasn't it fun cutting down our own Christmas tree? Me: Yea, especially when that guy chased us out of his yard...
The past, the present, and the future... The past, the present, and the future walked into a bar together. It was tense. Maybe being fat isn't bad, it just sounds awful because we say 'morbidly obese'. Let's switch it to 'cheerfully obese' and see what happens.
I'm sitting in a booster seat in the back of a minivan because I want to teach my kids right and my 8yo called shotgun fair & square. Apparently my friends came up with this joke about my penis but nobody will tell me it... They keep telling me it's too long
I bought my wife some gloves and a sex toy for her birthday if she doesn't like the gloves she can go f*ck herself Your personality finally matches your looks. That's not a compliment.
(to kid at lemonade stand) i ain't buying shit until i find you on yelp What's the difference between a everyone and a bullet? Everyone misses Harambe.
What's black brown and white black brown and white brown and white etc.? A Gorilla riding down a snowbank! On Canada Day, I like to say "HAPPY CANADA DAY!" to people. But quietly. And from a distance. I don't want to be a bother.
How do you throw a party in space? You planet I spilled skittles down my pants. Do you want to taste the rainbow? #badpickuplines
Do you know a favourite expression used by the Gorillas? Apesy daisy! Why did the trout leave the cult? They were too sacrifishal
Q: Why couldn't the blonde manage to make Ice-Cubes? A: She couldn't find the recipe. I'm not saying we should kill all the stupid people in the world, I'm just saying we should remove the warning labels from everything and let the problem take care of itself.
Why did the plane crash? The pilot was a potato. Why do female drivers sit higher up in their seats than male drivers? Because they're sitting on a box.
I was talking to my ex and she got the wrong end of the stick. The end that had been sharpened to a fine point. Home Depot law decrees that if two dads are pushing carts down the same isle, the dad with the greater mustache has the right of way.
That moment when you gently throw your phone onto your bed and it decides to bounce off 3 walls, hit a lamp and kill a cat. Whats the difference between a tornado and a divorce in the south? Nothing, because either way, someone is losing their trailer.
So i was talking to my friend who's a dyslexic philosopher And he says to me "You know what, recently i've been wondering if there really is a dog" I like to nickname my penis Buzz Lightyear Because he likes to travel to the star and beyond
I entered a joke contest and to increase my chances of winning I submit 10 jokes.... Unfortunately I didn't win, no pun in ten did... What did the confused bee say ? To bee or not to bee !
"Great speech! Have you thought about giving it from behind a wooden box for some reason?" - podium salesman What's your favourite food if you hate Microsoft Word? TeX-MeX
Anal with my girlfriend made my whole day But it made her whole week. Should I bring anything to your party besides pronounced social anxiety and no food
BREAKING: Israel Planning Surgery to Have its Dick Removed From GOP candidates Mouths Myth: Have kids close in age. It gets easier and they'll have a friend to play with Fact: They'll fight. Every hour. Every day.
"Hold the door!!!" "What door?" If you ever Google "Grandfather Clock", be careful how you spell that shit.
It's pretty amazing that I'm able to balance my two kids, my career as a doctor, and my pathological lying!! "I'M GOING BANANAS!!!" ...is what I tell my bananas when I leave the house.
Reddit is a really blue community... ...because everyone is really sad about all the "reddit is green" reposts. I always wink at the local Funeral Director, because he will be the last one to see me naked, and I don't want it to be awkward.
Saw this in a Textbook today What's the best part about having sex with 28 year olds? There's 20 of them Say friends, why is it tough to play poker with cattle farmers? They're always raising the steaks!
Set of jumper cables walks into a bar... The bartender looks them up and down really slow and says, OK, I'll serve you, but don't be starting anything. What's the difference between John Kenndy Jr. and Ted Kennedy? Ted can swim away from an accident.
What do you call it... when an old man cums all over you? Viagra Falls My wife just made up this joke and wondered if she actually made it up or if she is just not remembering where she heard it. hello id like a reservation for two. also what is yr policy on cats. i wanna bring like seven cats. ive practiced fitting them on one chair
Autocorrect has been around for centuries, I got mine when I married my wife. An Eel asked an Eagle: do you know why we can't team up? Eagle: No, why? Eel: Because it would be EEL-Eagle!
How do you get 50 Canadians out of the swimming pool? Say, " Everyone out of the pool please." what did lowes say when home depot kickcked him in the crotch ouch menards (my nards). lolz
If I knew you in high school and your Facebook profile picture is a baby I'll assume you're Benjamin Button and unfriend you. Him: you are correcting my every word for the last six years of our marriage Me: for the last 7 years
You remember those yardsticks? They don't make them any longer. A man starts a line of pickled venison ... ...the most popular flavor so far is dill doe.
I decided to sell my Hoover... Well, it was just collecting dust. How do you know someone is a Bernie Sanders supporter? Don't worry, he'll fucking tell you.
What do u call a gay dinosaur? A mega-sore-ass My wife was captured by a gang of mimes. They did unspeakable things to her.
Why is suicide illegal? Because no one wants to clean up your mess. Girls aren't friends with other girls. They are just future enemies.
Is the bakery hiring? Cause I think I'll knead a little bit of dough to get by. A guy walks into a drs office with a carrot in his ear.. ..and a piece of broccoli up his nose. The Dr told him he isn't eating right.
Still suddenly panicking that you haven't done your homework on Sunday evenings, despite being in your thirties Ever wondered why is being gay a sin? It's simple. We all know 69 as a sex position. Satan's own number is 666. Now think about gays, and 666 as a sex position.
Why Did Donald Trump Get Fired When He Was a Carpenter? He wouldn't take down any walls. My three biggest fears are mouses, wolfs & proper pluralization.
Fuck. We're gonna be known as the generation that loved autocorrect fails When I was a little kid, I had this friend that was always counting. I wonder what he's up to these days.
Word. ~ Microsoft. I was nervous leaving my ex in the backyard with my wife. I'll put a patio on them later.
My dyslexic friend sobbed uncontrollably as he confessed that he kept spelling his own name backwards I really do feel for Bob. Did you hear about the brake pedal who had to leave his job? He had to stop when he got depressed
(Very) dirty joke time: How does a mother in West Virginia know when her daughter is on her period? Her son's dick tastes like blood. What do you call customers at Lidl? Lidl people.
I blame our unhappy marriage on my wife mostly because of her poor choice in men. Tell me I'm beautiful "You're beautiful" Tell me I'm a genius "You're a genius" Tell m- "Just give me the toilet paper, please"
What do you call a lazy fan of the old Price is Right? a Barker Lounger ! What kind of dog can jump higher than a building? Any dog. A building can't jump.
Kim Kardashian just had a miscarriage... Her next show is going to be called 'Mopping Up After A Kardashian' "We don't serve time travellers here" said the bartender... "We don't serve time travellers here" said the bartender. A time traveller walks into a bar.
What do Australians use for sun burns? Aloe, mate. I'm sorry What does a bungie jumper and a condom wearer have in common? If the rubber snaps they're screwed. &lt;----- this is a classic xD
What did the elephant say to the man? How do you breathe through something so small? I've just started work as a human chess piece. The money's good, I'm on knights this week.
When should I borrow the Fatboy Slim joke from the library? Right about now, funk soul brother. Check it out now, funk soul brother. What do Hispanic midgets cut their pizza with? Little Caesar's
A walk of shame is always sad. Don't make it worse by adding the sound of Flip flops to it. Crocs are suicide notes you can wear.
I wonder if in 100 years, ghosts of today will spell out "swag" or "bae" on the Ouija boards Wearing sunglasses inside is a great way to let people know that you should be hated unconditionally
The Native Americans used to trust the white man, now they have their reservations. So I was feeling really depressed due to the attack in Paris... I phoned the Islamic Samaritans. When I said I was feeling suicidal they got all excited and asked if I knew how to fly a plane.
No thanks, babies. If I'm going to let something inside of my body that's going to destroy my figure, it'll be cheese, bread and booze. Movie Names For Your Penis There Will Be Blood YOUR TURN
What do lesbians in Alaska sing? What would you do ew ew in a Klondike bar. How my day went today 1. Woke up 2. Went to work 3. Saw hot girl 4. Kissed the girl Too bad it happened in the order 2,3,4,1.
I use someone calling me during a phone call as an opportunity to hang up on both of them. I always get nervous before injections so I shut my eyes. I usually end up stabbing the chair.
Me: There is a small tree on fire. 911: Could you describe it? Me:Picture shrubbery...now picture it engulfed in flames. I stab myself a little bit every day to slowly build up an immunity to being stabbed to death.
Johnson, Clinton, and Trump are lost at sea. Who wins the election? America. I like to leave my gas cap hanging off when I'm on a date so when people start honking and waving I can wave back like I'm famous
How come Django's wife never hears Django coming? The D is silent. Learning how to say "where the hell am I?" in eight languages. Just in case.
I need to get something off my chest... It's called breast cancer. I'm so sorry. I Used to do Drugs I still do, but I used to too
Brain: He mentioned marriage again. You know what to do. *sets phone on fire* Did you know that Truett Cathy, Founder of Chick-fil-A, wanted a CFA sandwich for his last meal? Unfortunately, he died on a Sunday.
What do wizards call unmagical African Americans? Niggles Here's to the stork that brings good babies... "Here's to the stork that brings good babies, the crow that brings bad babies, and the swallow that brings no babies at all!"
A man was walking on a nude beach... A man with a foot long dick was walking on a nude beach when he was arrested by the police. The charge? Weapons of Lass Destruction Me and the other guys from the circus.... ... took a night off to see some stand-up comedy but he was really mean and cutting. He went straight for the juggler.
What do you call someone who supports Hillary? Paid off. A racist joke What is the difference between a pizza and a black guy? A pizza can feed a family of four.
Hummingbirds are just regular birds that can't remember the lyrics. [Library] MAN: Do you have books on fire? LIBRARIAN: Yes, in the Chemistry section MAN: Come on boys! *Swarms of firemen enter with hoses*
How do you know when your BBQ is ready in Canada in April? The snow on top of it has melted. I'm going to adopt a tapeworm. Perfect pet, cheap to feed, doesn't pee, bark, chew stuff or sit on your head. Best bit, it makes you skinny.
Sex through the ages: Age 20-30: Tri-weekly Age 30-40: Try weekly Age 40-50: Try weakly 50% of mariachi bands end in divorciachi.
So it's my birthday and my parent sang me happy birthday. Mom: "Happy birthday to you!" Dad: "Happy birthday to you!" Mom: "Happy birthday to you!" Dad: "You were born because your mom sniffed glue." When it comes to the topic of body dysmorphia and gender assumptions, i'm not a fan. Infact I identify more closely to an air conditioning unit.
I named my penis Truth... Because bitches can't handle it! what do you call a cat that copies off others' exam papers? a cheetah
Why are redneck murders hard to solve? No dental records and the DNA is all the same. Why do the bees have honey? Because they have a queen. If they had a parliament, they would have had nothing.
Why did the T-Rex get hammered at noon? Because he's a Wino-saur! Titanic sank 103 years ago... ...making it the only thing your mom didn't go down on! Hi-YO!
Did you hear about the Power Plant that was bad for the environment all year? He got coal for Christmas. Had to pause Willy Wonka & The Chocolate Factory to go buy a king sized Snickers. This is why i can not watch Breaking Bad.
Who do you think was sent to cover the story of the baby lion born in the zoo? A cub reporter. "I gave him the what for!" "What for?" "Because he deserved it, that's what for!"
"I love you unconditionally*." -God *Terms and conditions apply. See Bible for more details. Sometimes I'll just go "liking" some shit on the Internet and I honestly don't even know if I really mean it.
Only my husband would walk up to my gynecologist in Costco, point at me, give him the two thumbs up while grinning and say, 'Nice one, huh?' A rabbi a priest and a crocodile walk into a bar Chuck Norris mother fuckers.....whoooooooooooooo
It's a sad moment when you realize the trash goes out more often than you do. Kid 1 swallows coin= rush to ER Kid 2 swallows coin= wait til it passes Kid 3 swallows coin= deduct from allowance.
I was touched by Jesus once Worst field trip to a Mexican prison ever Did you hear about the cannibal who visited the ICU ward? His doctor told him to eat more vegetables.
What's better: A Parachute Jump or a BJ of a 90 year old? doesn't matter... must not look down.. *stares at phone* why cant i sleep *puts phone face-up on bed, the screen brigtness bathes my room in a light mor powerfubl than the sun* oh
There was a pregnant woman.... She was in labor and the doctor said: 'It's labor day!' It's like these people that have to shop at Goodwill don't even realize how lucky and trendy they are!
I just got fired for looking up clown videos on my lunch break. My boss didn't buy that "Lisa Ann gets creampied" is a clown video Dave's Adventure In A Cave (Limerick) There once was a man named Dave, who found a dead whore in a cave. She was ugly as shit and missing one tit, but think of the money he saved!
A prostate exam... Is worrying when the doctor shouts "look no hands!" A homeless lady agreed to let me take her home I don't understand why she got pissed when I loaded the cardboard box in my pickup truck.
I think my girlfriend would be a great presidential candidate, Because she's so awesome at bringing up shit from the past. We need to get into the fertilizer industry... I hear business is booming.
two fish in a tank. one says to the other... **how do you drive this thing?** I'm not saying don't trust the internet, but there's an alarming discrepancy in the number of Ipads I've won & the number of Ipads I own.
No one realizes when someone says, "The last thing I wanna do is hurt you," that basically implies: there is a list, hurting you is on it. What do you get when you combine 99 lesbians and a politician? 100 people that don't do dick
How did the bird get his bluetooth to work? He had to parrot. I like to end all my phone calls with "Ok, I'll see you later on at the party!" and then quickly hang up. Let them figure it out.
I have no beef with vegetarians. You can tell a lot about my BF by the way he's giving me the silent treatment. He's doing it wrong. I'm doing it right but can't tell him.
"Why is there a jar of pickles in the bathroom?" "I like pickles." "Do you eat them when you're on the toilet?" "Ewww! EAT them?! Gross!" what do you call a hooker with a runny nose? full.
What do a call a fish with no eyes A blind fish What is it called when sensitive medical information about a very fat patient is disclosed? A hippo violation
Why are fruit rapists seldom found alone? They come in pears Every woman thinks her husband is a moron. And they're absolutely right because smart men don't get married.
What do you call the child of two parents with downs syndrome? A hand-me-down. What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and her pussy? Only one retarded thing came out of her pussy.
*me at fast food counter* "hey mister, did this meat bark or meow?" "It asked stupid questions." There's been a whole lot of office Romance since I became self employed...
Two atoms walked out of a bar. One turned to the other one and said, "we've got to go back in there, I left an electron" The other one asked, "Are you sure?" He replied, "Yes, I'm positive" Doctor: How long has this been bothering you? Women: It started after work 2 days ago at 7pm. Men: I think it started in the 90's.
People complain about auto-correct but it is helpful 99% of the titties. Some people are complaining about the Trump Presidency... But it's oKKK with me!
Me: I'm gonna make you an offer you can't refuse. Him: Ma'am, for the last time, we don't have a limit on how much liquor you can buy. So a duck walks into a bar... He waddles over to a seat and settles in. The bartender says "Hey there, what can I get for you?" And the duck says "I... I don't know. I've never made it this far."
your call is important to us. like, super important. we all bought new outfits for this call. dave is wearing a wig "Hot damn!" - the Nazi's probably after their dams were destroyed. I don't know; I'm not a historian. It's just an educated guess.
A black guy walks into a police station in Florida and he never comes out. Who is the king of the pencil case? The Ruler
I like my women like I like my coffee.... Ground up and in the freezer. Why was the lion-tamer fined ? He parked on a yellow lion !
What do you call a panda who's legs don't work? Pandapalegic "It's not a colonoscopy, it's a colonoscpportunity!" - gastroenterologist who is also a motivational speaker
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? None! Why was diarrhoea classified under hereditary diseases? It runs in the Jeans.
Cats are just fuzzy houseplants that hate you. "I ruined my health by drinking to everyone Else's."
If you slap a christian girl on the ass... Would she turn the other cheek? Shit. Gotta huge job interview tomorrow and I have no clue where I put my prom dress
You scream, we all scream, I apologize for entering the womens bathroom. How do you think bus driver interviews go? Applicant: Sorry I'm late! Interviewer: You're hired!
What did Bruce Lee say about NASA'S discovery WA-TAH! Today somebody told me about a bear that climbs a mountain... ...But the story goes downhill from there.
What kind of bee can't be understood ? A mumble bee ! I'm going to talk to my broker today about cashing in some of my stocks. And by that I mean, "taking all my change to the coinstar machine"
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm. What do a guitar and a drum have in common? Neither of them are a clarinet!
What did the Maple syrup farmer say when he saw a good looking maple tree? "I'd tap that." Rick Astley asked to borrow my Pixar collection. I said "Rick, you can have Toy Story, Cars &amp; Finding Nemo but I'm never gonna give you Up"
I asked two Uber drivers to pick each other up and am watching them chase each other in circles around my block until they run out of gas. What do Jews love most about their mobile phones? They can charge them.
There's a reason why "sober" and "so bored" sound almost exactly the same. If you take longer than 10 seconds at the hand dryer, I will wipe my hands on the back of your shirt.
Mission Impossible? He's done four of them now. Let's call it "Mission Pretty Hard but Ultimately Doable" I don't have a girlfriend.... I just know a few people who would get mad if I said that.
Memories. That's how I want to be remembered. What will Kayne West's political leaning be if he runs for President? West wing
you hear about the indian chief that drank a case of tea he died in his tee pee Did you hear what that guy said to the Reddit moderator the other day? **[Deleted]**
What do you get when you combine a rhetorical question and a bad joke? Why does it take Sarah Palin so long to get ready in the morning? Because she has two faces.
You hate me? Well okay, grab a chair and wait for me to care. I hope I get a watch for Christmas! Because there's no present like the time.
My therapist advised me to feed and water my kids and cook my plants 3 meals a day. And something about listening. During WW2, oil shortages forced some countries to start using organic fuels. Mussolini made the trains run on thyme.
What's the difference between Santa Claus &amp; Michael Jackson? one comes when children dream &amp; the other dreams of children coming*. What's God's favorite guitar chord? G sus
Why was the banker bored? Because he lost interest in everything. ME [yelling down into a volcano]: You shut your stupid Earth mouth
Where do you take a sick wasp? To waspital. How much does a Rabbi charge for circumcision? Nothing. He just keeps the tips.
The Koala should be classified as a bear It has all the Koalafications What do you call an Ethiopian with a dog? Stupid.
I'd say giving birth to a dead baby is better than having a miscarriage At least your baby's still born? I bet there are muppets that have thought about shanking Elmo.
Is this where you put your jokes? According to my ex wife my career and penis should be here Girls look back at your wedding photos, if you are fatter than that, he is not happy..
I'd like to thank my skeletal system for all the support its given me over the years. Guys, I know Michael Jordan very well... .. He just doesn't know me.
Where does a dog go when he loses his tail? A retail store. I'll do your taxes for free if you tell my mom we're dating.
I can't figure out if I'm drinking Malibu rum or licking sun tan lotion off skin. My Home Internet Password 2kids1dog. Thats an orgy I don't want to be apart of.
"Donatello choose ur weapon" "I'll take a stick" "Really not a sword? Nunchu.." "A STICK" "Ha I guess u wanna wear purple too?" "..." "Ugh" I've decided to give karate a break for a little while... I guess you could say I am going on a HI-YA-tus.
What do you call a terrorist from Paris? A Paririst I think my blind girlfriend just broke up with me She said she wanted to see other people.
How many gay men does it take to change a lightbulb? "Ummm ... forget about the changing the lightbulb, honey, maybe let's start with changing those curtains" Why did no one like the Archer Because he was too arrowgant!
People I live with are hiding my shit. The two most effective hiding places to date: 1) out in the open 2) where I last left it Wife sneezed... ... and told me she was allergic to my hotness. My response: so do you break out in sex?
Why are Cal Tech and MIT constantly Fighting? Because MIT blames Cal Tech for stealing their Feynman, and there will never be another man as Fine. What do you call a woman who is paralyzed from the waist down? Wife.
Whats pink and smells awful? Your mums cunt lol What do you call a psychic midget that escapes prison? A small medium at large.
My doctor gave me a prescription for anti-depression meds but my Bartender is having a hard time reading his writing... My friend told me he is FINALLY going to watch the Back to the Future series. "It's about time," I told him.
[sees crush] Oh you're going to the mall? Wow weird me too. I totally need a new *tries to think of something at the mall* escalator Apparently, people in Dubai don't like the Flintstones... ...But people in Abu Dhabi DOOOOOOO!
What do you call a pig... ...with an unusually high IQ? Einswine I'VE GOT GOATLIKE SPEED & REFLEXES "Don't you mean catlike-" BAAAH [Climbs on top of roof and begins eating shingles]
Liam Gallagher was never good in science. When asked to name 3 chemical elements, he said "Gold and silver and sunshine." Instead of complaining that it's hard to remove glitter, accept it. Embrace it. You are a shiny person now.
I should rename myself Summer. All girls want is Summer to come. Pro debating tip: Shave one eyebrow and draw a new one really high.
The Wizard of Oz, synopsis. Transported to a surreal landscape, a young girl kills the first person she meets and then teams up with three strangers to kill again. I decided to play agar.io again... Now I hate my cellf
When God closes a door, it usually has my fingers in it. Me: My room is in shambles. Where do I start cleaning!? *5mins later* Me: I need a new room.
Why do clowns hate assassins? Because they go for the juggler. Let he has never told a bad joke Cast the first tomato
Here's another great Ellen Pao Joke [deleted] I'm lucky enough to be ambidextrous. It's just a shame I'm a lefty.
"War Horse" and "The Help" are the SAME movie! I watched them on my laptop and they BOTH have a 90 minute scene where I just check Facebook. Looked up from my phone for a few minutes. Wasn't worth it.
How do the Chinese select their baby names? They chuck a tin can down the stairs Ping Wong  ching  Pang (climbing out of my coffin) I'm sure you all have a lot of questions, but firstly the reason I faked my death is- [nobody is at my funeral]
ME: I hate him with 1/16th of the fibers of my being GUY: Not every fiber? ME: I hate alot of people. I'm not wasting all my fibers on 1 guy The TV remote, the G-spot and black dads. Some things are just made not to be found.
I've become quite independent since my wife left... I just put my second load of washing through the microwave. My diet could best be described as, "unchaperoned child at a birthday party."
*puts sunglasses on a watermelon* *punches watermelon* "WHERE ARE ALL THE DRUGS!" *slams hands down* "WHAT DO YOU MEAN I DID THEM ALL?!" I met the inventor of the trampoline. He's an all round nice guy, but a bit jumpy.
I was going to tell you a joke about a cow. But its udderly ridiculous Three friends partner to setup a law firm. They are Ivanna Firm, Harry Butt and Richard Ox.
Did you hear about the blonde who stayed up all  night to see where the sun went? It finally dawned on her! What's the difference between a captain and a lt.col ? A major difference.
Wanna hear a joke? Lifetime movies. The awkward moment when you think a customer is a salesperson.
Paid $50 for a device that has a motion detector that emits a sound to scare off neighbor's cat....she's out there rubbing up against it now I identify as a sexual atheist With a strong belief that I will never get laid.
Height of .... Height of Stupidity - Looking through the keyhole of a glass door.. Height of embarrassment - when you find other person looking through the other side of the same keyhole.. when i hear fat people say that they've made mistakes, i always think to myself, "yeaa...at the grocery store."
I got banned from the hardware store Every time I walk in, all the stud finders start beeping. Glad I spent 40 minutes getting my 1 year old dressed so she could go outside for 3 seconds.
Pretty Punny! What did the cat stripper say when she found out she was being replaced by a younger pussy?????? You've gotta be Kitten me! I once shot a deer in my pajamas... How it got in my pajamas, I will never know.
Whenever someone says, "It's getting hot in here" I automatically think, "So take off all your clothes. Planning on starting a restaurant called 'Cobalt 60'. Food will obviously be something to die for.
I just said "bye - bye" when I ended a phone call, and now I'm debating on if I should have my milk & cookies before or after recess. Why shouldn't you write with a dull pencil? It's pointless
Short seal joke A baby seal walks into a club A magic genie granted a man one wish. "I wish I had a dick that touched the floor" the man said. The genie then snapped his fingers and *poof* The man's legs disappeared.
The first time God made the universe, he skipped leg day. All men were weeping creatures, who ended in bloody torsos and begged for death. Niggawatt Def: theoretical unit of work. The amount of work 1 black man can produce in 1 hour.
I hate Housework!!! You do the dishes!! You do the Laundry!! ...and then 6 months later you have to do it all over again! The more vital your research, the less people will understand it.
My mom drove her car into a tree. She sure found out how a Mercedes bends. Critics are calling my performance of Wife Pretending To Care About Her Husband's Work Story "emotionally charged" and "daring".
What did the old Frankish barbarians say to the Roman invasion? [](/dumbfabric)"You don't have the *Gaul* to do it!" Just ONCE, I'd like took deep into your beautiful eyes, and make hot sweet love with you without some pop-up window ruining the mood.
Why did the raging alcoholic throw his wife off a cliff? Tequila Non alcoholic beer is like eating out your sister Tastes the same as others, but it just isn't right...
*judge bangs gavel on desk* *judge cooks gavel breakfast in the morning* *judge tell gavel he loves her* *judge marries gavel* The second I sense someone about to ask for a bite of what I'm eating, I immediately shove the whole damn thing in my mouth & look baffled.
I saw six men carrying a coffin in the cemetery. Two hours later they were still carrying the coffin around the cemetery I thought to myself "They've lost the plot" If you accidentally use Pam cooking spray instead of Off... It still works, because the mosquitoes just slide off your legs.
You face Ha got "em" Today's menu: 1 gallon of attitude, 3 cups of sarcasm, 2 tbsp of leave me the hell alone, and a generous cup of shut the f*ck up!
Do you know why I have airplane-mode turned on on my phone all the time? 'Cause I'm so fly Gonna get a tattoo of two big trucks crashing into each other and then maybe there's like a scorpion on the side of the road doing push-ups.
Someone posted an ad claiming she can wax my chest without any pain at all. Sounds nice, but I'm kind of nervous. Do you really think she could pull it off? Did you know that Princess Diana was on her cell phone when she died? She was also on the dashboard, the windscreen, the roadside...
I like to kiss my girlfriends neck. I guess I'm a neck romancer. Chemistry Joke (maybe) Bro catches his bro red handed... Bro mine :D
Did you hear about that frog that broke a bone? Yea he broke a ribbet A man who worked at a fire hydrant factory was always late for work. When confronted by his boss the man explained: "You can't park anywhere near this place!"
Why was the volcano so pleasant to be around? Because he was so magmanimous. Pretty typical that a female Asian drove Reddit into a ditch, and now a white man has to dig it out.
Jesus may have turned water into wine But I turned a whole student loan check into vodka The guy who invented throat lozenges died last week. There was no coffin at the funeral
So Trump says he picked a bunch of great people to run the government... But honestly, I've seen better cabinets at IKEA. Whenever I stub my toe I automatically blame and hate the next person I see.
What do you call a penis with bad logic? A phallusy. What do you call ten German men standing abreast, walking backward? [OC] A receeding Herr line.
If someone is jogging at 7am on a Sunday - it's because they've just killed someone right? I'm so introverted I won't even talk to myself.
You'll know it's true love when you're in your late 30s and have no other options. What smells better than it taste? A nose
Interview Boss: Greatest weakness Me: Sometimes I answer questions with 90s rap lyrics B: Is that here on your resume M: Whoomp, there it is If the police really wanted DUI checkpoints to be effective, they'd set them up inside Taco Bell drive-thrus.
Pro tip: Wives do not find it hilarious when you add a bunch of extra candles to their surprise birthday cake. I know this now. In the future when cats rule the world, the currency will be Cuteness and i will be a poor and lonely man
My black friend asked me... My black friend asked me if there was a colored printer in the library I said wtf man it's 2015 you can use whatever printer you want Where did little Timmy go during the bombing? Everywhere
I have my girlfriend a teeth whitening today. Too bad most landed on her chin Nsfw. My wife and I had not had sex in a couple months but this morning she woke up randy... He is our neighbor and said her music was up too loud. We still havent had sex.
Will net neutrality be defeated? Is the Gangnam Style finally over? Is Tupac really alive? Find out on the next episode of Dragon Ball Z What's the definition of a Mistress? Oh, I don't know. Probably something between a Mister and a mattress.
George invited all his friends for a no-masturbation get-together They came within the hour. It is said that the Welsh were the first to use condoms, by making them out of sheep intestines. But the English perfected this technique by removing them from the sheep first.
Hey people who don't understand sarcasm, what's it like being so awesome? What's fun about having sex with twenty-one year olds? You know, there is twenty of them
John: There are places... Paul: I remember George: All my life, though... Ringo: How can antibiotics and pro-biotics both be good for you How many dead baby's does it take to paint a wall? _
For all the bad things that happened this year I sure did get fat. Gassy Joke What makes a Mexican gassy? Taco night. What makes a white person gassy? Chipotle. What makes a Jew gassy? Auschwitz
Why couldn't the radish finish the race? He was just a little beet. How do you know you're golfing with a politician? When they get a hole-in-one they write down *zero* on the scorecard.
How do you start an insect race ? One two flea - go Husband: are you cooking something? Me: of course not Husband: the oven timer just went off Me: oh yeah, take the wine out of the freezer
I've recently obtained a book on the guidelines of masturbation So far, I've stuck to it. In Flint, Michigan, students have no difficulty learning A  G and P  Z. The problem's H to O.
What did T say to reassure V? "Don't worry. I'm right behind U." Fun fact, clown fish are edible. But be forewarned, they taste funny.
What does a dog become after it 6 years old? Seven years old. What do you call an ant in space ? Cosmonants & Astronants !
I became an atheist when I found out there was a religion that prohibited bacon. Why did the chicken cross the road? I don't fucking know. Chickens don't even know what roads are he probably thought it was a field.
Judge: "Reason for divorce?" Me: "Reconcilable differences." Judge: "Don't you mean irreconcilable?" Me: "Ugh. You sound just like her." What's the name of a computer that turned into a singer A dell.
There are 10 types of people in this world Those who can read binary and those who can't. Who is the drummer for the Mexican Beatles? Gringo Starr
cop: "sir im afraid your dog is too cool for this neighbourhood" me: [turns his little baseball cap round right way] cop: "ok that's better" Where do naughty rays of light go? Prism (Note: I made this joke up. Sorry if this little note refracts from the humour.)
What does Gordon Ramsay say when he gets a rash? IT'S FUCKING RAW! What kind of jokes do bad comedians tell their audience? Bad jokes.
Latest news from the FIFA corruption scandal: Shock announcement from FIFA's Ethics Committee: "FIFA has an Ethics Committee" Spent most of my early twenties trying to open a pistachio.
According to HR, white people aren't issued a race card, and they'd appreciate if I went back to my desk. *shrugs* JEDI WHO INVENTED LIGHTSABER: ok its a destructive laser sword so maybe we shoudnt wear anythig too flowy JEDI IN CHARGE OF COSTUMES: ...OORR
I hate three things (1) Posting on /r/Jokes (2) Lists (3) Irony ME: *tells joke* WIFE: ugh, that was funny in middle school [later] ME [at a local middle school]: so have you all heard the one about th
If i was the Grinch, I wouldn't steal Christmas. I'd steal you. You know those little helmet stickers some football teams use to reward personal achievement? Bald guys should do that.
What do we want? Race-car noises! When do we want them? Neeeeeeoooooowwwwwwwwwwwwww! Sneaking alcohol into work is pretty easy if you put it in your stomach first.
I'm really regretting getting that discount circumcision... ...it was a total rip-off! I'm really bad at understanding some common phrases and vice versa.
What do you say when you are comforting a grammar nazi? There, Their, They're *bank* 'miss, it says here that your debt is outstanding' *twirls hair* oh yeah? well i think your debt is pretty cool too
Wearing a pretty new bra today that nobody else is gonna see, so everytime I go to the bathroom, I flash myself in the mirror. I'm on that new diet where you eat everything and hope for a miracle.
What do you do when a horse breaks down? Call triple neighhh! 9/11 jokes are just plane wrong. Write any other jokes about 9/11
I was gonna go as myself for Halloween this year... But after Trump's comment, I think I'm gonna get grabbed a lot Man has sex with dead corpse That's my fetish.
I walk around with a hockey bag filled with dildos & chihuahua's just in case Paris Hilton fires her assistant and is looking for a new one. After much deliberation, the Cambridge University Netball Team.... ...decided not to abbreviate their name
Just realized that my spirit animal is Winnie the Pooh. Two words: No pants. What did the asian parents call their retarded son? Sum ting wong
Did you hear that AIDS isn't spread by a virus? Yeah! It's spread by a fungi!! What do you get when you cross a Mexican and a nigger? Someone who is too lazy to steal.
What do you call a poster of a sexy pepper? A jalapinup Why is Santa Claus always so happy? He knows where all the bad girls live
Things Michael J. Fox would be good at Grating Parmesan cheese. My girlfriend keeps telling all her friends I'm racist.. typical lying Mexican.
Money cant buy happiness . . . but somehow, its more comfortable to cry in a BMW than on a bicycle. Judge: how do you plead? Me: [looks at lawyer] Lawyer: [mouths "not guilty"] Me: hot milky L: *bangs head on desk* FFS just lock him up
I just got carded at Forever 21. This is bullshit! If I were Stevie Wonder I would say "I'll believe it when I see it" in response to pretty much anything just to piss people off.
There's a little "I'm jealous" in every "whatever." Interviewer: Where do you see yourself in 5 years? Me: Wow. Nobody's ever asked me that. Interviewer: Take a minute to th- Me: Arendelle.
Why don't they make bouncy houses for adults? You'd spill your drink. This post just says it all! It all
[pulls away from kissing] do you ever pretend nfl players with dreadlocks swinging around under their helmets are predators Prince: Rapunzel, let down your hair. Rapunzel: Hair, you'll never be beautiful, you'll always have split ends. *hair is super let down*
I lost 50 pounds in two days Im never playing poker again Hello Darkness, my old frie- *the lights suddenly turn on* oh it's like that now?
Damn girl, are you today's date? Because you're 10/10 I know we've been doing anti-joke pick up lines but this only comes once a year. There's this girl I know, and I'm like a god to her. Because I'm always watching her. And she's never seen me.
What did the halal lettuce say to the halal cucumber ? Lets make salat Me and my wife are into S&amp;M. She sleeps and I masturbate.
Me: I grew a beard once & It actually looked just like yours. Him: Why'd you shave it off? Me: I just told you... i'm working on a porn filtering app that would show only vanilla porn... but I can't work out the kinks
How do you throw an egg at the wall without breaking it? With the chicken still around it My friend is convinced he has the biggest balls in the world He's so egotestical.
"I shit you not" - Yoda claiming dibs on the bathroom Brangelina is no more. And it's really sad to see that Brad Pitt is now just 'Br' while Angelina Jolie gets her whole forename back.
Which kid? Wife: Honey, i think you don't love our kids equally. It seems you have one that gets less love from you. Husband: Really? Which kid do you mean? Karl, Tina or the fat one This Halloween, make your friends run in terror by walking into their parties as "guy with acoustic guitar".
How many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? Trick question. Feminists can't change shit. How do you know if you're a necrophiliac? You get mourning wood.
What's the speed limit of sex? 68 Because at 69, you flip over and eat it. What do gnomes fear most about Christmas? They're afraid Father Christmas will give them the sack!
Wish I could focus on anything with even half the intensity of my dog watching me eat yogurt. How many of my fellow Germans does it take to change a lightbulb? Only one of course, as we are highly efficient and have absolutely no sense of humour.
I suspected my marriage was in trouble when I'd meet my husband for dinner then we would both race home to make out with the babysitter. Lawyers and computers have both been proliferating since 1970. Unfortunately, lawyers, unlike computers, have not gotten twice as smart and half as expensive every 18 months.
I love getting kisses from my dogs but, I'm starting to worry about the one who keeps trying to give me the slow tongue. I like my asshole just like my women's pussy Without some other guy's dick in it
Did you hear that Ellen Degeneres just drowned? They found her face down in Ricki Lake Nephew: What's love? Me: Well, all the women text you except the one you like. And it hurts, so we drink. Sister: Get away from him!
I really like the concept of train tickets. It's an idea I could get onboard with. What does a tornado and a redneck divorce have in common? In the end, someone is going to lose a trailer.
Why don't women wear skirts during winter? They'll get chapped lips! I like homophobes Homophones, I mean homophones!
Have you heard about the first restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere. Where does a pirate go on vacation? Arrrrrland.
Two pieces of asphalt are at a bar A piece of red asphalt walks in. One says to the other "watch out for him, he used to be a cyclepath". I killed a girl who posted too many selfies.I think i can claim selfie-defence.
The guys that taught me every medicine joke I know just arrived at my doorstep. I decided to in-vitamin. I wish todays youth had to endure the humiliation of having your dad pick up the landline phone and start dialing while you're talking on it
Why will you never see a stag on the internet? They like to stay anony-moose So a polar bear walks into a bar... and says, "I'll have a gin.....and tonic" The bartender says, "What's with the big pause?" And the polar bear says, "Oh, I've always had them."
What do you get when you vaporize a king? A noble gas. In the news today What do Aaron Hernandez and Edward Snowden have in common? They're both expatriots (expatriates).
I took some pictures of my girlfriend's butt this morning I'm saving them for posteriority. When a child whines and cries, you give it back to the mama, so... *hands husband back to my mother-in-law*
How can you tell if there's a mosquito in your bed? By the "M" on his pajamas. What did the blonde say when she saw a banana peel? aw shit imma fall again
A crow once made plans to hang out with me, but he never showed up... ... because he got arrested for attempted murder. I wish Twitter would add bold or italics or meaning to my life.
I was eating at a nice dinner last night and realized that we spend a lot of money on something that is just going to turn to shit. But enough about my romantic relationships. Did you know that all of the trigonometric functions are female? Yup, They all have periods!
He was a good dog. He was a beautiful, very good dog. Who was a good dog? Who's a beautiful, good boy? Was it you? It was.Dog obituary What's the difference between a feminist and a gun? A gun only has one trigger.
Fish and chips joke I draw the line at having fish and chips for breakfast I mean, there's a time and a plaice Tonight is bad for me. Could everyone arrange to Wang Chung maybe some time early tomorrow afternoon?
THE TASTE OF A NEW GENERATION What do Brittany Spears and PEPSI have in common? They both have plastic juggs. While escaping from the police, what did one bug say to the other? You butterfly!
Riding with Uber earlier.. The driver said, "I love my job, I am my own boss. Nobody tells me what to do..." Then I said, "Turn Left. What is Carroll Shelby's favorite food? A torque-y sandwich.
My dad wants to open a funeral home.. Doss Family Mortuary : "We'll take care of your stiffies for you" I like my Wifi like I like my sex... Unprotected.
You know what would be a good name for a cocaine delivery service company? Instagram Steve was walking down the street, when he came across a police officer and was promptly arrested for indecent exposure
What body movements alert you that a politician is lying? His lips are moving. My prison cell-mate just asked me if I was tight. Why does he care about how I spend my money?
A giraffe walks into a bar. He slides up to the bar tender and says "High balls are on me". What do you call it when a chameleon won't change colors? A reptile dysfunction
There is no such thing as Internet stalking. Stalking requires physical activity. Fun activity like softly brushing your hair at night Sarah What Does A Tickle Me Elmo Get Before It Leaves The Factory? Two Test-Tickles
[Coffee line] *Sees cute barista* *Twirls hair* No whipped cream please *Sees his backward sunglasses* *Drops hand* Never mind. Load it up. Man with 5 penises A man has 5 penises and when one of his friends found out, they asked him "How do your pants fit?" The man responded, "Like a glove".
The other night I had a dream I was being wanked off by a Ghost. I was scared stiff. There's a Bush and a Clinton running for president next year.
How do you know you're speaking with an engineer? Don't worry they'll tell you. What's the difference between my dick and my jokes? My girlfriend never laughs at my jokes
I see said the blind man As he picked up his hammer and saw. SWAG is for BOYS and CLASS is for MEN.
A short poem for y'all... "*Roses are black* *Violets are black* *Everything's black* *Even I am black*" - Stevie Wonder Inside jokes are bitterly resented by the homeless.
I just joined Twitter; it's really easy to follow people. Too bad it cuts into my exercise. I'm just saying, a cartoon character facebook pic isnt going to stop a child abuser! If you see one, call the cops, bam, done.
Daddy what is a transvestite? Ask your mommy He knows it. Why do adrenaline junkies enjoy camping? Because it is in tents
Creed is Alter Bridge with a stapp infection. How do you know you've been making too many jokes? When the wordplay becomes wordwork.
How do blonde braincells die? Alone. I wish the Antiques Roadshow guy had just told me how much my swords were worth without getting all nosy about where the blood came from.
My psychologist says I have trouble identifying my emotions Not quite sure how I feel about it Doctor Doctor I swallowed a bone. Are you choking? No I really did!
The restraining order doesn't mean we can't hang. It just says I can't get within 50ft of you. You wanna play catch or Frisbee or something? So I heard Donald Trump is running for president again. You guys know that if he wins, we'll all be f****d, right? That's right. Fired. ;)
Eating a full box of chocolate is like shi# posting. After some time you get a lot of backfire and takes a lot of time to get yourself clean. Usually chocolate makes me hyper but my dog ate a pack of Snickers and he's been asleep for hours. Haha wake up so we can play, little guy.
Did you hear about the girl who went fishing with three guys? She came back with a red snapper. Lifeguards wouldn't let Obama in the pool because he had weeping *legions*
Have you heard about the guy who reanimated the dead? He made Mary Shelly roll over in her grave. The Discovery Channel should be on a different channel every day.
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The number of occupants exceeds the maximum allowable number for fire safety, and thus the bartender throws them out. My school always awarded dictionaries to the spelling bee winners. Which was weird because it should actually be awarded to the losers.
How to be an asian... Just squint your eyes and say "We all how smaw deek" out loud. What's Gordon Ramsay's least favorite movie? IT'S FROOOOOOOZZZZEEEN
[NSFW] If you masturbate with a rowing stick... Will you have an orgasm? A man asks a woman: "-Did you know that laughter is second best way to convince a girl to have sex with you ? " "-Really, what is the first ?" "-A knife." "-Hahaha, you're so funny !" "-Good choice."
What do you call a fish without any eyes? Boneless chicken I met a hot chick That girl was on fire.
The man who invented distorted mirrors has died. His funeral will be held in asymmetry. What's a police officers favorite console? Wii U Wii U Wii U Wii U. Edit: Gee Wilikers Batman I've got 151 upvotes yayyyyyy. :D
They say the best things come in small packages So I fucked a midget What do you call a bird that has been molested? Rustled Crow
Famous last words (silence) Have you ever eaten African food... Neither have they
Remember that time you were reluctant to test my latest invention "amnesia pills" but did anyway? "No" excellent. Steven Hawking walks into a bar... Just kidding.
A murderer, sitting in the electric chair, was about to be executed. "Have you any last requests? asked the chaplain. "Yes," replied the murderer. "Will you hold my hand?" How do you get into a Native American restaurant? [OC] You make a reservation
What do you call an overweight homosexual? Jigglypuff. What did one crab say to the other? "Damn this bitch is nasty!"
I'm so done with Apple products! Their phones can't do jack... "Sorry I didn't reply to your email Terry, a wolf ripped my hands off... Oh these? Um, I got new hands? Gotta go!"
Eventually Adobe is going to release a software application that does nothing but update itself. What is Peyton Manning's favorite Counting Crows song? Omaha
Why do Jewish men get circumsized? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't at least 30% off. What doesn't kill you might come back to finish the job off so keep your wits about you.
I was going to get a cheap circumcision but I realized it was a rip off. An immigration officer asks a drunk man if he's Hungarian he says "yep, but my name's not Arian"
How to tell if she's odd... ...she can't even. How are wearing Crocs like having butt sex with a guy? It feels really good until you look down and realize you're gay.
I, too, am shocked Ted Cruz has had sex. I just assumed his kids were born when he ate after midnight and got wet like in the movie Gremlins What date is it today? 2nd April. Ha!! April fool!
Why didn't Jesus like to play hockey? He didn't like getting nailed to the boards. Why was the killer whale fired from his restaurant job? Because he didn't serve a porpoise...
I always get homophone and homophobe mixed up. I just know that one of them secretly likes caulk. there are naturally attractive people and then there are people like me who take pictures from good angles with the right lighting
Customer spelling her name: Me: Is that V as in Victor or Z as in Zebra? Her: Z as in Xylophone. And this, kids, is why education is key. You really are the cat's pajamas, and by that I mean you're a stupid idea.
Rand Paul's debate strategy has been leaked. He's going to filibuster the GOP debate. What does it say on Jerry Meyer-Cooper's tomb stone? And who the fuck is that?
If you ever travel to Italy, you have to try their famous food called "Pasta," which I believe is Italian for "Pizza." There was a depressed sausage... he thought his life was THE WURST.
"No way." -Jose Kristen Stewart was raised by a pair of vacuum cleaners
Pickle bread How do you make pickle bread? You use dill dough. What did one saggy boob say to the other  saggy boob? If we don't get some support soon people are going to think we're nuts.
Chuck Norris built a better mousetrap, but the world was too frightened to beat a path to his door. Q:Of the set; 689 and 986, which is larger? A) 689 B)986 C) Who cares, as long as they are having a good time!
If you follow the rules of grammar, people will always help you. If you don't, your on you're own. Two cows are in a pasture. The first cow says, "Moo." The second cow says, "Damn, man... I was just about to say that!"
Never ask white Americans what their ethnicity is unless you wanna hear a list of every European country and meaningless fractions. My wife is getting rid of all the clutter. If you see the kids and me standing out by the street, it means we didn't make the cut this year.
I just seen someone update their status on Facebook to "I Wish Every Guy Was Like Jack From The Titanic." What... Dead at  the bottom of the ocean? The new strip club's sign said 'open to the public'. Until my friends stole the L.
How did Marty McFly react when shown what 2015 would really look like? Gee, it's hard to say, although he did seem pretty shaken up about it. Don't be ashamed of who you are That's your parents' job
When life hands you lemons make sure those lemons aren't evidence in a murder that life's trying to frame you for. So I'm in a hotel and call the front desk saying, "Hey! I gotta leak in the sink!" The clerk says, "Go ahead, the customer's always right..." (Henny Youngman)
Democrats must be so thirsty Cause of all the salt. *I throw u a kiss* *u duck* *it flies into space* [6 bn yrs later - the planet Xargx] LORD ZARG: Kill the- *kiss hits his cheek* LZ: Aww nvm
I just dropped my iPhone in liquor, and now Siri is slurring her words, won't stop talking, stumbling and trying to have sex with me. Why did the 3-legged dog go back to Dodge City?  To see who shot his "paw."
So apparently Justin Timberlake is going to write a song for all the people that have been devastated by the crisis in Ukraine. It's going to be called 'Crimea River'. Walk in closets Walk-In Closet Why do chinesse make such terrible Estate agents? Because non of the customers are ever comfortable with the idea of buying a house with a Hawk in the closet.
Man goes into the store... ...and he's quite startled by what he sees. The clerk has these great bushy eyebrows. Horrified, the man stutters, "Can eyebrows your inventory?" I don't think it's called USA anymore, but DSA... The Divided States of America.
<---- Wonders if aliens just call their ride a FO instead of UFO. Pigeons always look like they're jamming out to an invisible iPod.
How do neurons communicate? Cell phones What happens when you fingerbang a gypsy on her period? You get your palm red.
No one is completely useless... You can always be used as a bad example. Sometimes I get jealous of the lingo black people use that I can't use. Then I remember as a white person I have things I can say that they can't like. "Hey dad." Or "Thanks for the warning officer"
My fast joke Are you a human or a dog It's that time of year again when I should really check in on my friends with pools or boats to see how they've been since last summer.
What's black, white, and red all over and can't turn around in a narrow hallway? A nun with a spear through her head. A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. Unfortunately, the beer doesn't understand English commands. But the bartender can speak easy.
My body is a temple... And it's devoted to Dionysus. Cheers. I told my ex I felt like killing her, and she said I needed professional help. I told her I don't have the money to hire a hitman.
I once played the back end of a wasp in a pantomime play. But I thought I was the bees' knees... I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that the worst time to have a heart attack would be during a game of charades.
The 9-year-old in me thinks life is all about fun. But then I think, how long is it gonna take to digest this kid? I'm a huge python, btw. What's a homophobe's favorite drink? fruit punch
It's been a big year for my ten-year-old. Two months ago, he attended his first confession.... .... It took the cops four hours to break him. He's got some willpower, that kid! Freddie Gray's death was a real Homie-cide
What's an emo's favorite file type? .rar What kind of house does Fonzie live in? An "A" frame...
What do you call a chiropractor in Egypt? A cairopractor. I went through a Skrillex phase I had to stop though. It got expensive dropping everything all the time!
[Walks into a bar] A forgetful women of three children walks into a bar, intensely focused on knitting a sweater for her eldest... Whoops, wrong thread. Did you hear about the car with wooden wheels, a wooden engine, and wooden doors? It wooden start
Who stole the cookie from the cookie jar? greg. I'd be able to find affordable glasses... In an eye deal world.
What kind of jackets do Audiophiles wear? FLAC jackets What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
Shot my dog 's'mornin' Farmer: "Shot my dog 's'mornin' Friend: "Were he mad?" Farmer: "Twernt too pleased." What do you call a nice Canadian meal on a colorful roof? Poutina.
Do your socks have holes in them? No? Then how did you get them on? What do you get when you cross a female tyrannosaur with a male tyrannosaur? Tyrannosaurus Sex! *I apologize deeply, I'm so...so sorry*
Do you know why cows have hooves instead of feet? It's because they lactose! Is my iPhone named Freedom? Yes Do I never pick up phone calls on it? Also yes, because as an American, I let freedom ring
Jewish Pizza What is the difference between a jew and a Pizza? The pizza does not scream when you put it in a oven. I broke up with my girlfriend because I like my women like I like my coffee Without other people's dicks in it.
Why can't unicorns play soccer? Because they don't exist Think smoking's "COOL"? What if I do it in a leather jacket? "COOL" now? On a Harley? Still "COOL"? While I kiss this model? Is that "COOL"?
What's the difference between Heath Ledger and Heath Ledger jokes? Heath Ledger jokes can get old.... My friend tried playing Pokemon Go in Vegas, but sadly lost his phone. All he caught was herpes.
I just spent 15 minutes searching for my phone in my room, using my phone as a flashlight... the true test of a child is not how he treats his friends, but how he treats Minecraft villagers
Why was the bumble bee wearing a yamaka? Because he didn't want to be mistaken for a WASP I just heard a woman in a supermarket say this to her 7 year old daughter... "Don't spit! Ladies never spit!" Fcuking. Priceless.
When life gives you lemons....a simple operation can give you melons. All the joke is in the title, so you can save that click. HER: your phone is exacerbating our problems *i pick up my phone* HER: your behavior is untenable "hold on I'm still googling exacerbate"
Why did Rosemary get kicked out of the spice rack? For swallowing Poppy's Seed What goes; green-red-green-red-green-red-green-red? A frog in my blender
Why do java coders wear glasses? Because they don't C# Why are hula dancers so pretentious? Because their hips stir.
I refuse to lower my standards to accommodate those who refuse to raise theirs. It'll be a cold day in hell. Cloudy in purgatory, with a slight chance of rain. And clear skies up in heaven. Now over to Jim with sports.
The south was reported to have more Ashley Madison users than any other region in the U.S. I guess family isn't always enough. "Charlie, I want a divorce." [in a black robe sacrificing a chicken on a satanic blood alter] Why?
How do you make a hamburger smile? Pickle it gently! What do feminists and zookeepers have in common? Nothing. Feminists have nothing in common with anyone.
There is nothing in the world that lowers your IQ faster than trying to use someone else's coffee machine. Sometimes it is very important if a sentence was said by a man or a woman A good example: "I used a whole pack of tissues during that awesome movie yesterday!"
A bum gets on a bus and walks past a nun. The nun says "youre going to hell". The bum yells "Damn, Im on the wrong bus" ! :D A comedian walks into a bar full of r/historians.. [deleted]
Here's how pessimism works. It never works. There is absolutely nothing wrong with yelling "I HAVE THE POWEEER!" like He-Man after cooking an omelette that doesnt stick to the pan.
Why don't Baptist preachers color their hair? They just pray the gray away What is E.T. short for? He's only got little legs.
What do you call a store that sells terribly made Nun appeal? The Bad Habit. Italian Guy with a problem What do you call an Italian guy with one arm shorter than the other?  A Speech Impediment :)
How many potato's does it take to kill an Irishman? None. I told my girlfriend that she drew her eyebrows too high She looked surprised.
A man once offered me a job selling fog, but I said no Looking back, I think it was a mist opportunity. *boss trying to relate to younger employees* "Excited for the weekend? I know I'll be *looks down at Wikipedia print-out* Yoloing for sure!"
Santorum I thought he didn't believe in pulling out? A foot fetishist had a bad experience in bed He got off on the wrong foot
TV is the best girlfriend Because, no matter what happens, I can always turn it on. When someone favorites instead of retweeting me I comfort myself by thinking "they're just keeping me to themselves"
If I could set people on fire with a single stare, a lot of innocents would die. "Sorry sir, we are closed." FIRE! "Good morning." FIRE! Where did the fortune-teller go on her  vacation? To Palm Beach.
Why was Santa sacked two days before Christmas? Elf and safety A termite walks into a bar... ... and says, "Hey, is the bar tender here?"
I was on my way to commit a heinous act of religiously motivated violence but then I saw a Coexist bumper sticker I saw a black guy riding a bike... At first I thought it was mine, then I realized mine is at home, washing the dishes.
What do Nazi marijuana farmers say to their employees? BALE HYDRO!! Lawyers have feelings too.. ...allegedly.
A joke I made up yesterday . . . Relationships are like socks. They're cool with me, as long as they are the same color. If you message me with thanks, please include what you're thanking me for. I've been counting my money and sniffing my fingers all morning.
An asian woman gets into car and starts driving... thought you'd enjoy that one. It's a shock to me that people actually pay their student loans. That's a bill I gave to Jesus
My friends won't get margaritas with me anymore because I get drunk & start saying everything is "mexillent". I have a hardcore yeast affection. I love breads and doughs.
Nothing beats a pretty girl with a beautiful singing voice except for Chris Brown You don't have to speak bird to know that when they chirp right outside your window they're asking for you to kill them.
What do you call a slutty egg? Over easy! You mama's so fat
JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL! *Car crashes* How long after the first date should I wait before asking to get my bra & panties back?
Nobody heard those terrorist attacks coming... Never forget the tragic events of mime-eleven What is Helen Keller's favorite color? Corduroy
I hate when people tell me to have a safe flight. Like I have a choice. It's either back home, or in a swamp. I'll try really hard to live. Turns out chiropractors aren't actually dinosaurs.
What are the three words that men hate to hear during sex? "Are you done?" So anyone know how much a Polar Bear weighs? About enough to break the ice...........
Did you hear about the dyslexic KKK member? He went around killing gingers. In many U.S. States offenders receive a harsher penalty for hitting a dog than they do for hitting a woman. That's outrageous either way you're slapping a bitch
I had a debate with myself about masturbation... ... On one hand it's feels good. And on the other it feels great! What do you call a seven course Irish meal? A 6-pack and a potato.
What is the lactose intolerant man's least favorite chore? Laun-dairy. What's green with a brown tip? The cucumbers in Elton John's fridge.
How to make employees fool!!! Each employee will receive 104 Annual Leave days a year ( Wow! said 1 employee). They are called SATURDAYs AND SUNDAYs. "I better pee first." - me, before doing anything
Just saw Elle Fanning. I was blown away. So I heard you're having sex with fruit. What are you, fucking bananas?
I finished my culinary class final. It was a piece of cake. ME: Excuse me...Where's the rowing boat equipment? EMPLOYEE: Keep going down there, Oar Aisle. ME: EMPLOYEE: ME: EMPLOYEE: ME: Or you'll what?
Salesman: Roll up roll up! Come to our  mammoth sale. Mammoth bargains to be had in our mammoth sale.  Customer: Forget it! No one round here's got room in their houses for a mammoth. Who will pay ? If two gays are on a Date for the dinner,Who will pay the bill ?
Fine Bros can't sue metal beams, Because they don't react to jet fuel. Girl: Why are you so ugly? Boy: I'm you from the future.
My parents once made me smoke a whole pack of cigarettes in one sitting. To teach me about brand loyalty. I'm like a single electron... Sometimes, when no one is watching, I interfere with myself.
How do you know if somebody's Christian? Don't worry, They'll fucking tell you. How does a Jewish mother change a lightbulb? "No, that's all right. I'll just sit here in the dark."
A baby seal walks into a bar. The bartender says, "What will you have?" The seals says, "Anything but a Canadian Club." As he inserted the rectal thermometer, I got a painfully hard and obvious erection... "Maybe you should wait outside whilst I examine your dog," said the vet.
Thanks for always acting surprised by breakfast in bed like you slept right through the great pots and pans avalanche of 6:45 AM. How to give your woman 12 inches and make her bleed. Bang her twice and punch her in the mouth.
I want to write a sexually charged novel with an FBI twist. *Fifty Raids A Day* What does a caterpillar do on New Years Day ? Turns over a new leaf !
I'll tell you what I know about midgets and dwarves. Very little * Knock knock. - Who is there? * It's the police. We have received complaints about the noise.
They say they're free weights, but the gym gets pissed if you put them in your car and leave. I was told if I got robbed when I was camping, it would invalidate my insurance... They said if my tent gets stolen, I'll no longer be covered.
Funny school joke Teacher: whoever answers my next question, can go home. One boy throws his bag out the window. Teacher: who just threw that?! Boy: Me! I'm going home now. What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back when you throw it? a dead cat
What do you get when you cross an orthodontist and a secret agent? It's confi-dental What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaay
Told my coworker I want a dragon. He said I'm crazy for wanting anything that might set all my shit on fire but he's the one that's married. Where did Sally go when the bomb went off? EVERYWHERE
Guerrilla Glue It only works when you don't look at it. I just got a photo from a speeding camera through the mail... I just got a photo from a speeding camera through the mail. I sent it right back  way too expensive and really bad quality.
Mozart, Beethoven, and Schwarzenegger are getting ready to throw a Halloween party. Mozart turns to Arnie and asks, "what's your costume going to be?" "I'll be Bach" I just saw the movie 50 Shades of gray You could say it had a huge climax.
I was told to do what I love I went to sleep. My boss has a rather shrill phone voice. I once spent 20m talking to him, before realizing it was actually someone trying to send us a fax.
How do you stop your children from smoking? Slow down and use some lubricant. This one is about a horse a horse steps in a puddle of mud
Americans may not get this... Healthcare You stop bad music with a tuning fork. How do you stop bad singing? A pitchfork
The pun-ishment of notes When notes get in treble, bass-ically they get put behind bars. The alto-nate punishment is to push them off a clef and hope they land flat on sharp objects. What happens when you call a Trump supporter xenophobic? They do a quick google search and then agree with you.
Two Gay Men Walk Into A Bar One sits down, the other says "Can I push your stool in?" Did you know Hitler's father was a cobbler? He made Jews.
Marriage is like walk in park.... and the name of this park is "Jurassic Park" [March 15] Brutus: Going 2 the senate? Caesar: yeah u? Brutus: yep it'll be killer Caesar: how so? Brutus: like cool u know rad senate stuff
Why did the guitarist get arrested? For fingering A Minor So I beat a Russian Grand Master once. With his own cane.
WHY DID THE HIPPOPOTAMUS NEED HIS VENTILIN? BECAUSE HE WAS HIPPOVENTILATING! What did the Buddhist monk say when he approached the hotdog stand? Make me one with everything.
If I played Edward Scissor Hands in paper, rock, scissors every once in a while I'd throw a paper in there so he wouldn't feel too bad. So my neighbor asked me to fix her sink She's obviously never seen a porno because it's been an hour and I'm still fixing the damn sink
Black eye Tom: "Hey buddy, howya do...whoa! who gave you that black eye? Sam: "My wife" Tom: "I thought she was out of town for the weekend." Sam: "So did I." I met a girl last night at a bar... She said she wanted the night to be magical... So i fucked her and disappeared.
take our dunkin donuts survey and be entered to win $50000! question 1: how sure can you *really* be that they are your real parents? UK /r/jokesters, tell me the most British joke you can think of. The less my American brain can comprehend it, the better!
I've never seen an "outtie" belly button in all the years of porn I've watched. I'm kinda glad, I don't want my eyes to get poked out. Setting up a Moses business would be simple except for one setback... Staff problems.
Please pray for the private school kid whose dad drops him off in a 3-year-old car. Fact: If you ever blow me a kiss, I'm catching it and sticking it down my pants.
How do you greet a slice of bread in Germany? Gluten tag! Ba-dum tss. I feel like my rear end turns into Billy Mayes whenever I get diarrhea... "Butt wait, there's more!"
"My girlfriend is 41 years old" - "My girlfriend is 41 years old." - "Dude, wth?! She can be your mom!!!" - "Yes, but she's yours" - ._. Q: Why can't Micheal J Fox draw a perfect circle? A: Because drawing a perfect circle is impossible for any human.
My dad was walking around the house screaming yesterday.... He kept shouting, "A, E, I, O, U". "What's wrong?", I asked him. To which he responded, "Nothing, I just have irritable vowel syndrome..." I can't afford Disney World so we go to the biggest hill on my street and my kids wait an hour before I roll them down in my office chair.
Why did the chicken jump into the bag of popcorn? The kernel was looking for him. A frog can leap higher than a house ..partly because of the strength of its hind legs, but also because houses have difficulty jumping at all.
Love is not a game. If you think it is, then you're not playing it right. I kept pouring water on my Iphone.. because Siri won't tell me where the terrorists are.
Just overheard someone say, "I wish I had a Kindle that never ran out of batteries." You know. Like a book. What thinks the unthinkable? An ithe-berg
friend gave me an inhaler my friend was dying on the floor and he gave me an inhaler, guess he wanted to give something for me to remember him. weird. My girlfriend wanted a marriage just like a fairy tale... I gave her some bread crumbs and left her in the forest.
me: "so is this a date?" hitchhiker: "um" Cooking with Hitler Step 1. Turn on the gas
A German man and woman are having sex, and an American walks in... The American shouts "Gross!" and turns away. The German man looks toward him and smiles, saying "Danke!" [wife frustrated] "at least I didn't hook up the toilet wrong and tell everyone it's a bidet"
My doctor just used a tongue depressor on me so I'm going out for ice cream to cheer the little guy up. Just in time for Christmas. Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer: Teaching people that it is okay to make people outcasts for being different until that difference benefits someone since 1939.
The girl at the RyanAir check-in desk said, "Window or aisle?" I replied, "Window or you'll what?" How to Get There by Ridya Bike
My father always said to me "son it's always best to fight fire with fire"... and that is probably why he was kicked out of the fire service I was up late last night, trying to figure out why the sun disappeared Then it dawned on me....
What did Jack Frost say to Frosty the Snowman? Have an ice day! "We're still looking for a side project" Tornado: *raises hand* we could flip houses "We've been over this, it's not what you think it is"
I once ate a watch It was time consuming, I didn't go back for seconds. It would be funny if we discover there are inhabitants on the comet... they would be comedians.
Me: How are you? Co-worker: *Gives 20 minute dissertation on their gastro infection* A father asked his son how baking school was going "I knead some dough."
What is the difference between peanut butter and a blonde? The blonde is easier to spread! A skinny guy with a 6-pack is like a fat chick with t*ts. It doesn't count
If he asks you to be his girlfriend say yes and then hide from him so he can never break up with you. Sandwich walk into a bar/ The bartender said, sorry, we don't serve food.
It did feel good. I used the craziest toilet this morning. It was one of those toilets that shoots water up your butt I forget the name. Bidet, it felt amazing. Why did the polar bear join the terrorist group. Because that is where the ISIS.
Somebody actually complimented me on my driving today. They left a little note on the windscreen that said 'Parking Fine'. Confucius say... ...sex on beach is like American beer, very near water.
[on a Speed date] pop quiz hotshot, if this date goes below 50 mph it explodes [her] that makes no sense [I mouth a tiny explosion sound] I had a difficult childhood... I was brought up by a couple of alcoholics. I called them my Foster's parents.
There are TV shows literally every day so no I am not free to hang out ever. Why did the "M&M;" go to university? He wanted to become a "Smartie"
I had a one-night-stand with a Bernie supporter. I know because I can feel the bern. At what age do kids stop remembering how often their parents are late picking them up from school because of online poker?
What happened to him after she made a joke he fainted Whats the worst part about a black out in Detroit? All the pairs of floating eyes
if you love something, set it free. If it immediately bites your throat and drags you up a tree, you love a leopard and should try to escape Why did the robot cross the road? Because it was carbon bonded to the chicken.
did you hear about the new tv crime drama? Criminal Mastermimes: the Silent Killers A nun goes to the greengrocer, asking for a cucumber. "Get 2" he says. "So you have one to eat"
I dropped my laptop in the ocean. Now there's a dell rolling in the deep. Me: [Sits down to eat breakfast] Girlfriend: Babe, you forgot the French Toast Me: Oh sorry [raises glass] VIVE LA FRANCE!
I only have sex with the lights off to prevent having to explain some of my tattoos. I dumped my boyfriend with a lazy eye. Turns out he was seeing chicks on the side.
What happened in China on Christmas? The Rice-child was born. I just gave my cat some 7UP. Now he's got 16 lives.
What do you call a baseball player who watches porn? A master batter What is a teenage girl's best friend? Passive-Aggression
Why don't cannibals eat divorced women? They're too bitter. Chemist have an unpopular view on alcohol... They say it's a solution.
a quick zinger If your uncle jack helped you off a horse, would you help your uncle jack off a horse? Why do NBA players like poultry? Because they love to slam duck!
If you don't open your mouth when you yawn, you're a monster. I'm serious. Let that demon go. You're freaking everybody out. I paid a fish to come over to re-key my guitar, piano and drums. He was a professional tuna.
What will happen if you put anal lube where oil should be in your car? I don't really know, but I think it will run pretty shitty Jokes in English Doctor: "I'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live." Patient: "What do you mean, 10? 10 what? Months? Weeks?!" Doctor: "Nine."
What rock group have four men that don't sing? Mount Rushmore. What's grey and moves at a hundred miles an hour ? A jet propelled elephant !
Why do Jewish men have to be Circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless its 20% off. I just think there are a lot more animals out there we could be eating.
After decorating the house, I spilled cheap vodka on some glitter and dirt I was sweeping up. Now, my house looks like Ke$ha. President Obama had lunch today with Hillary Clinton. Hillary told the president, "After phoning my top advisers, I think I'll run for office." And the president said, "I know. I listened in."
9/11 gave rise to "Truthers", Obama gave rise to "Birthers", so... ... would a movement to determine whether Hillary Clinton actually carries hot sauce in her purse be called "Saucers"? I would most likely die like 45 minutes into a zombie apocalypse, and even more likely it would not be zombie apocalypse related.
What happens when you pet a cat in the opposite direction? You rub them the wrong way What do midgets and dwarfs have in common? Just a little
What goes dot-dot-croak dot-dash-croak ?  Morse toad ! My 1-year-old refused to wear her shoes and carried them around instead. She can barely walk and she's already the drunk girl at the party.
I hate all 1970's female solo artists What a bunch of pre-madonnas Which color confuses an idiot? Blue
Damn girl are you deaf? I said, Damn girl are you deaf? A Guy Walks Into A Bar........ Wait For It........ "Ouch"
Me:She's better than me. BF:She's not. M:Look at those, they're incredible! BF: M:STOP STARING! -Boyfriend reading other women's tweets You can get out of jury duty on the first day by blatantly winking at the defendant as you give them a double thumbs up.
A homosexual, a pedophile, and a priest walk into a bar. The bartender asks him what he would like to drink. I get out of awkward dinner party convos by telling people it's my first outing since the psychiatrist declared me unfit to stand trial
What did Obama say to Michelle when he proposed? "I don't wanna be obama self." If you say "gullible" slowly it sounds like "oranges" Weird huh?
What sound does a Japanese camera make? "Crick" Why can't you tell Walter White a knock knock joke? Because HE is the one who knocks.
As bad as 2016 seems to be, it could be worse... You could have got a phone call from Charlie Sheen. ISIS is taking back territory after a surprise turn of events. Their new partnership with Samsung is quickly paying off
What is a junkies favorite drink? Hepsi A waiter walks up to a table of older Jewish folks... A waiter walks up to a table of older Jewish folks while they are eating and asks: "Is ANYTHING alright?"
The reason Santa is so Jolly? Is it because he knows where all the BAD girls live? How do you call a black man flying a plane ? A pilot.
When Chuck Norris finishes a joke ... It's called a roundhouse kick line. If you know the thread count on your bed sheets we're in different tax brackets.
Me: Pack your bags.I won the lottery! G/F: Oh my God! What should I pack, beach stuff or mountain stuff? Me: Doesn't matter, just get out. How did the shrimp eat all the fish food? shellfishly
What do you tell a pornstar right before their video to pump them up? Get your head in the game. I've just started a band called 999 Megabytes. We haven't done a gig yet.
cost of the ice cream my kid threw a tantrum in the grocery store to get: $5 the look on his face when I ate it for dinner: priceless My best friend won't talk to me. It's because he is a dog.
Took the batteries out of the smoke detector to use in my remote cause I would rather die in a fire than have to get up & change the channel My parents are in a fight My dad wanted to go see a lighthearted psychic. My mother wanted to buy some cheerful watercolors. I hope they find a happy medium
What did the psychiatrist say to the man who walked into her office wearing only cling wrap? I can clearly see you(')r(e) nuts. Why are Russians such bad pilots? Because they're always Stalin. Thank you, good night.
What did the egg say to the boiling water? It's gonna take me a while to get hard. I just got laid by a chick. What do you get when you cross a crocodile with a cartridge? A snapshot.
Strip search? ... OK, but I'm going to need some background music. *Witnesses an awkward moment* starts a slow clap* sees that nobody is joining me* pretends like I'm trying to kill mosquitoes*
If you were in a race with vegetables You would need to get a head of lettuce When a women dates a younger man she's called a cougar, when a man dates a younger woman he is called Defendant.
What word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it? Short. My friend said he was a harp.. But he was obviously a lyre.
My fish makes so much noise during the night that I wake up six times a night to ask him if we are fighting Did you hear the joke about the roof? I would tell you, but it tends to go over people's heads
Batman threw Two-Face at my car, and now it has a Harvey Dent What do you call someone who finishes a sentence with you? Partner in crime.
Doctor Doctor I'm on a diet and it's making me irritable. Yesterday I bit someones ear off. Oh dear that's a lot of calories ! I lost my virginity. Can't remember a thing, my pussy hurts and there is a used condom on the floor. Last thing I remember was seeing Bill Cosby in the bar.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field. I got pulled over for drunk driving last night. In my defense I didn't even know I was driving.
Women only call me ugly until they find out how much money I'm making... ...then they call me ugly and poor. May you never be as bored as whoever figured out that holding a seashell to your ear sounds like the ocean
What's black and never works? Decaffeinated coffee you racist fuck. A man with pica walks into a bar... ...and orders a drink on rocks. Hahahaha! Smart people jokes are the best!
2 guys walk into a bar The 3rd guy ducks I play Nickelback real loud all day so crickets can listen to something annoying when they try to sleep
Why is it... old people say "there's no place like home", yet when you put them in one... Horrifically awaiting the day all the shampoo bottles in my shower decide to squeeze me back.
You can just walk into a Blockbuster and take a shit on the floor now. It's not even illegal. How many friend-zoned guys does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they'll just compliment it and then get pissed when it doesn't screw.
I wouldn't be so scared of spiders if they were wearing tiny shoes. Sweep her off her feet, but not like the bad guy from Karate Kid.
Dance like you won't be turned into a gif. What do you called a piano someone pissed in? A peeano.
Why did the storm trooper return his iPhone? Because it wasn't the droid he was looking for! 4: Where did I come from? Me: Mommy's belly. 4: How'd I get there? Me: I, uh...put you there? 4: How did you... Me: WHO WANTS ICE CREAM?!
What is potential energy's favourite season? Summer, because it comes before fall Life hack : Receive a wide assortment of yellow, orange, pink and red envelopes, free of charge, simply by not paying your bills.
Two non-english speaking Mexican go to gran central... One of them goes up to the cashier and asks for "tu tickets plees". The cashier asks "one-way?" To which the Mexican responds "no, two gueys." I had a near miss on my a flight to Thailand. Well a pre-op Transsexual.
*hires skywriter* $1 MILLION DOLLARS OR I SKYWRITE GAME OF THRONES SPOILERS! You get to sleep all day, cat, that's why I get the good food.
So I was going to blame my pet ostrich for a crime i committed But my lawyer advised that it wouldn't fly in court. What did one window say to the other window? I'm in pane
What do you call a video game that gives cancer? Tombr Aider *jumps out of plane* *begins reading parachute instruction manual* STEP 1: PUT ON PARACHUTE *looks up* Well hell
I tried to google image search Rorschach tests... but all I could find were pictures of boobs. A friend of mine is so politically correct.... At the deli he is afraid to ask for " white American " cheese.
I've heard that Americans don't find paedo jokes funny Guess they're just a bit touchy A guy just yelled at me for texting and driving. I told him to get off my hood and mind his own business.
A man and a woman walk into a bar... ok kids, this is a smoke detector, if you hear it beeping change the battery, if it's still beeping, check to see if ur on fire
bad news, you have cancer and Alzheimer's Doctor: "It's bad news, you have cancer and Alzheimer's." Patient: "Oh well, it could be worse - at least I don't have cancer." Where does sans live? Sans francisco
Why do you really not want to get pulled over in Ireland? Because the cops are Dublin the fines! (It took me a three hour car ride to come up with this... I am not a clever person) I found a way to make my dick 9 inches long I fold it in half
So, I saw the movie Still Alice last night. It's easily forgettable. Feel like Woods household right now is a bunch of people brainstorming, "what is any other plausible reason for this accident?"
I saw Adele at the train station the other day on the other platform She said 'hello from the other side' It's HOMOsapiens, not HETEROsapiens. It's the Bi-ble, not the Straight-ble.
I found a cheap prosthetic arm on Craigslist Secondhand What's the best insult you can tell someone?
why don't blondes make good cowgirls? they can't keep their calves together The Bible is a fascinating book It's fascinating how a book with so much sex and violence can be so boring
Why was the dolphin happy and the shark depressed? The sharks life lacked porpoise. if a bee sting u, u get a lil pain but the bee dies so who really wins? "lol im OWNING all these bees" i say as i put my face in the beehive
Q: What part of the road is always crying? A: The breakdown lane. What's big and ugly and drinks out of the wrong side of the glass? A monster trying to get rid of hiccups.
Why do audiophiles nerver loose a fight? Because they're lossless. My wife is kind to strangers, she stopped an old lady from buying evaporated milk... ..., and told her it was just an empty can.
Two gay guys are hanging out... Two gay guys are hanging out, and one says to the other, "Hey, let's play hide and go seek! Loser gets fucked in the ass... I'll be behind the couch." Q. What is good for your soul but not your soles? A. Linedancing!
Q; What do you call two fleas on top of a bald head? A: Homeless. I feel sorry for Eazy-E He went from Straight outta Compton to Straight outta condoms before getting aids. I'm sorry.
Why does the Law society prohibit sex between lawyers and their clients? To prevent clients from being billed twice for essentially the same service! I just raced a Smart car. He barely beat me, but that's only cuz I stopped to tie my shoe.
What a beautiful day! The sun's shining, the birds are singing, the neighbor's dog is taking a huge crap on my lawn... I always wanted to be self-confident. Well, look at me now. Actually, don't.
[ER] Me: I CANT FEEL MY LEGS AM I DYING DOC? Dr: *loosens my belt*unbuttons my pants* Me: is this appropriate? *blood returns to legs* oh. How can you tell if you have a high sperm count? If she has to chew before she swallows.
It's easier to find the needle in the haystack when you bring a flamethrower. That's a fact, jack. Merica. The problem with traveling into the future is that it's hard to determine the date because newspapers no longer exist.
advice to my younger self: dont bang that old man on his helicopter he's not joe biden I love the smell of a camp fire. It reminds me of the night we kille.... .....I just love smell of campfires.
What is the difference between an elephant and a flea? An elephant can have fleas but a flea can't have elephants ! a friend took Exlax and viagra at the same time... .. he didnt know if he was coming or going.
Why dont orphans like baseball? Because they don't know were home is! XD So many Jehovah's Witnesses and yet still not a shred of Jehovah's Evidence.
What did the man say when the calculator agreed to help him load the car? I KNEW I COULD COUNT ON YOU Sex is not the answer... Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer
I love volcano jokes... They magma lava my ash off. did you know you can tell how much a girl likes you by the position of their feet Chances are if her feet are next to her ears she really likes you.
My mom asked where the remote was and my son told her it was up her ass. She high-fived him and then turned around and slapped me. Q. How many black people does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A. Nobody knows, there's no light.
When you find a body beneath your floorboards is it face up or face down that's good luck? Mrs. Smith: Help me doctor! My  son John swallowed the can opener! Doctor: Don't panic. He'll be alright. Mrs. Smith: But how do I open the can of beans?! The toast is getting cold!
My dog keeps whimpering at her empty food bowl. So I put her in another room. I'm not sure what that bowl did to her, but it's obvious it upset her. What do you call it when a person falls ill from watching too many BBC period dramas? Downton Syndrome
I saw a sign that said "watch for children" and I thought.. .. "That sounds like a fair trade" We are all part of the ultimate statistic  ten out of ten die.
Why do birds live in nests? Because they can't afford houses in this economy. So my neighbor knocks on my door. So my neighbor knocks on my door at 2:30am last night. 2:30AM!!! Can you believe it?!!? Lucky for him, I was up playing my drums.
I once put a bunch of grapes in a woman's vagina.... She didn't say much, she just let out a little wine. me: hello darkness my old friend darkness: you are going to hate me but I forgot your name
if you want your wife to take you seriously, don't throw your sippy cup during an argument Pretty cool to think every time the Verizon guy said "Can you hear me now?" the NSA was quietly answering "Yes we can."
When brands use cool words like "bae" on social media, I drive straight to their nearest location with all my money, ready to buy products. What does a suicide bomber say when he's teaching class? Pay attention! I'm only going to show this once.
[at Waldo's trial] Judge: Jury, how do you find the defendant? Jury: We the jury find the defendant by looking in the top left of the page First day on the job as a drug dealer... Dealer: I don't have coke... is Pepsi okay? *gets stabbed*
I thought I could take my dog with me to the gym today, but it didn't work out. What will Ryan Lochte say if he looses "Dancing With the Stars"? "I was robbed" Sorry, that just came to me like a stroke of idiotic genius and I couldn't help myself.
Did you know, If you get everyone in the UK to lie head to toe in a line across the English channel... ...They would probably drown I am a hiring manager. Before I take a look at all the resumes, I throw the entire top half away. If you're going to be working for me, you also have to be lucky.
One of my stuffed animals just told me I should get back on my meds, I guess someone doesn't want to be part of tea party club anymore. "I guess we should make them sound like a space shuttle is taking off during an a-bomb explosion." -person who invented hand dryers
What don't BMWs have that all other manufacturers do? Turn signals Q: Which of the following doesn't belong: wife  meat eggs blow job? A: The blow job. You can beat your wife your eggs or your meat; but you just can't beat a blow job.
As I was checking into the hotel I asked, 'Is the porn channel disabled?' The girl at the desk said, 'No, you sick bastard'. I just saw a guy with such a big dick he could fuck himself... And all I could think was how he was so full of himself.
I love hitting F5... It's so refreshing How many blind people does it take to change a light bulb? None if nobody's looking.
finally found a way to refer to myself + dog in a way that's creepier than the mother/child dichotomy: FUR HUSBAND and SKIN WIFE If you want to say something "rude" for the person you hate the most: 'It wouldn't be worth it to buy your voodoo doll, because i would anyways throw it in a fire right away. it's money wasting!
Happy Valentine's Day! So what's everyone doing with their cats tonight?? The Dalai Lama went into a pizza shop.. And asked them to make him one with everything.
Every time I drink German beer I wake up with a really bad Hannover. Did you hear about the guy who died after eating chicken? The meat was fowl.
What's easier to pick up the heavier it is? A girl. What do you call a lost crayon? a Strayola
I don't "fuck" my wife. I "make fuck" to her. I love puppies and kittens and little cute hamsters But not all together. I don't like my food touching.
Yo mama so ugly that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye. Ed Hardy makes a wine. Just tasted some. With full-bodied undertones of asshat, its repugnant mouthfeel would pair well with a cheeseball.
Boss: Are you high? Me: If I was high could I do this? B: What? You aren't doing anything M: sorry I'm super high. What was the question? I'm circumcised but I'm looking to change that. Anyone have any tips?
Jesus said to love your neighbor, but makes no mention about putting up with their music at 3am. "I'm going to slide in and go back and forth until you're satisfied" -Floss
April showers bring May flowers. And car bombs, suicide bombers, beheadings, etc. Tis the season. Nothing screams "I don't care about being on time for work" like hopping on Twitter first thing in the morning.
How did the executioner learn about knots? By watching the noose. What do you call a cheap cicumsicion? A rip off
What did the Shepard say when he saw the sheep? "I herd that!" What did one snowman say to the other? Smells like carrots
Doctor: "Hey, how are you?" Patient: "I am good" Doctor: "Ok. Next." NSFW Two flies are sitting on a piece of shit... One fly farts. The other fly says, "Do you mind? I'm eating."
Today I called the rape help line... But apparently it's just meant for the victims. A miracle birth, then resurrection. Accept Frosty the Snowman as your personal savior.
If life give you melons... You're probably dyslexic. I asked my dad what the deadliest weapon known to man is. He said 'you came out of it'.
Why are school shooters more likely to be white people? White people actually go to school. Black people stay home and shoot people in their own neighborhood. What should have tipped off the airline ticket sellers on 9/11? When the terrorists asked for anything cheaper than one-way.
Why was the ghost late to the halloween party? He had to take a sheet. What happens when the Pope dies? ....another one popes up.
I'm still learning my pronouns... But that is neither here nor there. How many women does it take to play tennis? You can't play tennis in the kitchen
My sense of humor is so dark that my grandmother would have been very unhappy if my sister went on a date with it. Why did the blind woman fall into the well? Because she couldn't see that well.
I want you to drag me to the bedroom, softly lay me down, & kiss my neck. Now go clean the house while I take a nap. How do dogs own cats? bitches have pussies
What do you call a rich Chinese person ? cha ching My friend firmly believes that he's a solute I think he's diluted
What happens when the fog lifts in California? UCLA. What is the biggest plot twist in spanish soap operas? When Rodrigo finds out he is his own mother
What do you call an Englishman with an IQ of 50? Colonel, sir. ^ ^ How did the townspeople react when the mayor presented them with a cost efficient, vegan protein source? They chia'd.
If you don't like my selfies, maybe you shouldn't have such a beautiful friend. Maybe you aren't ready to handle that kind of responsibility What nationality is Santa Claus? North Polish.
Murphy's law: Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. Cole's Law: Thinly sliced cabbage. So sorry... Sorry seems to be the hardest word to say... Unless you're Chinese, then it's "squirrel".
whats the difference between a Ferrari and 5 dead children? i dont have a Ferrari in my garage. My mommy used to warn me that there could be creepy people on the internet. But I'm not afraid anymore... Now that I'm on reddit I'm one of those people.
what do you call a 145 million year old swine carcass? Jurassic Pork Ill show^myself^out If you've never heard a 9 minute version of "Girl From Ipanema", then you weren't just inside my head while my co-worker was talking to me.
Accidentally texted my dad "have a hood day" and he shot three people How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for Christmas? He felt his presents.
Mario &amp; Luigi Mario :- Ey Luigi , whats this funny ol' image called. Luigi:- It a Meme , Mario 2 halloweens ago I was brutally owned by a small child when I answered my door in normal clothes and she said "nice lumberjack costume."
"Hello?" Dad come get me from practice "Sorry I'm going into a tunnel" *sound of mom giggling* But I called the *connection drops* ...landline What's another word for a face tattoo? An everlasting jobstopper.
I guess I just felt safer when Martha Stewart was still in prison. I've heard rumors that desperate prostitutes use Crest Toothpaste to reduce cavities.
How many brewers does it take to change a light bulb? Third as many as for a regular bulb. Warning: Joke contains racism Racism
*Weather changes* BODY: This is weird. Must have an asthma attack. *Anything else changes* MIND: This is weird. Must have a panic attack. That new vet really screwed up my pig's colonoscopy He's pretty ham-fisted
Seriously, soup? If I wanted to drink my lunch I would go to a bar. Why did the feminist cross the road? To suck my fuckin' dick!
In 2012 Kanye made millions from "Niggas in Paris" 2016 he lost it to them. Half-Life 3's release date.
HER: [whispering seductively] tell me your wildest fantasy ME: [also whispering] owning a home An interracial couple eating Cheerios and non-English speakers drinking Coke. We're a Benghazi pizza commercial away from a Texas secession.
My girlfriends period is on my birthday. Why does she always have to be so anal about everything? Iron Man is a super hero. Iron Woman is a command.
What did the alcoholic 7 get diagnosed with? Heptatitis I like my coffee like I like my women In two enormous cups
After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF! Why did the moron give the sleepy cow a hammer? He wanted her to hit the hay!
What do Wesson and KY have in common? Despite it being technically accurate, they'd both prefer you not refer to their products as "rape oil" What does a college kid do when confronted by an evil spirit? He drinks it just like he drinks every other kind of spirit.
What do you call a meth-head that's been up for 2 weeks? A two-weeker I'm glad my parents told me I'm adopted But I don't know why they tell me everday.
What do you call it when you tie a brick to a jar of Miracle Whip and throw it into the ocean? "Sink-o de Mayo" What does a blonde have if her brain is the size of a pea. Encephalitis, and possibly a medical miracle.
I like my women like I like my Star Wars. Ruined by George Lucas. Hello this is ur pilot speaking We almost began our descent but my copilot said "turn down for what" so looks like we r rerouting to Cancun
The music teacher at the school my niece goes to was out sick 2 days last week. The school had a dog fill in for her. He was a sub woofer. Detective: Why did you dump those vegetables on my desk? Criminal: You said it was time to spill the beans.
Most of life is waiting for whatever you're at to be over. What's better than a Kike on a Pike? Two Kikes on a Pike!
Bought shoes from a drug dealer Not sure what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day! I kissed a girl in the club and she said, "Oh my God, you've been smoking. It's just like licking an ashtray." "You non-smokers have some funny habits," I replied.
I know my wife is cheating with my best friend Her pussy tastes like his dick. Sometimes you have to stop tweeting to have an alibi for ignoring texts.
"Poor" is an odd word because when you put it in front of "people" it's sad but when you put it in front of "bladder control" it's hilarious *Brings pen to sword fight* Guy with sword : What's that? Me : Tis mightier! *Gets beheaded*
Lenins If life hands you Lenins, start a socialist revolution. I watched craps at the casino for over an hour tonight until security finally dragged me out of the bathroom.
/r/jokes http://i.imgur.com/i9mD9jZ.gifv I don't remember what that link is, used this cuz reddit says I need text here to post. I don't mind getting the stink-eye when I say, "Happy Whatever Holiday You're Weirdly Touchy About," because THAT is the spirit of Whatever.
Women call me The Gold Medal I always finish first. A bloke in a wheelchair stole my camouflage stuff I told him 'you can hide but you can't run'.
What's Michael J. Fox's favorite drink? a milkshake A recently fired stock trader said: "This is worse than a divorce, I have lost everything and I still have my wife!"
A text from my friend. she:myspacebarisnotworking.canyougivemeanalte rnative? me: what is ternative? What kind of bees make milk? Boobies
A joke There was a dragon one time who didn't care about shit. It was real mad a lot. It said, "fuck you" to just about every one. Except for this one guy who he kinda liked. How do you get to Matthew McConaughey's house? A right a right a right
Bread lovers of Reddit, how do you tell your "Sandwich Artist" that they got your order wrong? Oops, wrong sub "I will love you forever or until I cum"  MEN
A study have shown that there are actually twice as many boobs than women. The number of things that are *not* rocket science is staggering.
The Japanese soccer team visits an orphanage in Spain. "It's so sad to see the hopeless looks on their faces", said Rico, age 6. How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb? It's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
I like a lot of different kinds of breakfast, but I only eat one at a time. I'm a cereal monogamist. How can you tell if a blonde has been using the computer? There's whiteout on the screen.
How to fall down stairs: Step 1 Step 5 Step 8, 9, 10 United Airlines just tried to charge me $25 for the bags under my eyes.
How do you make your wife scream during sex? You call and tell her about it. Darn it A man was walking around his backyard in his stocking feet and stubbed his toe on a rock. His sock exclaimed "I'll be darned!"
Next time you are in a restaurant, give this a thought. The fork you are using has been in the mouth of hundreds of people. Now look at the people eating right by you. Scary, right? I don't need a football game to get drunk and scream at my television.
To be a hipster is to live in constant suffering You spend all your time in coffee shops, but you always have to drink your coffee before it's cool. I feel really sad for children with cancer and people who still use BlackBerrys.
I had a crazy dream last night that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. When I woke up I was, like, 0mg! "I'll have to report you sir" said the traffic cop to the speeding driver. "You were doing 85 miles an hour." "Nonsense officer" declared the driver. "I've only been in the car for ten minutes."
I did a theatrical performance on puns... It was a play on words. I'll let myself out. There are three people in this world... Those who can count, and those you can not.
I want to die quietly in my sleep like my grandad did. Not screaming in terror like his passengers. Cookies Two cookies are in an oven. The first cookie says "is it hot in here or is it just me?" The second cookie says "holy shit! A talking cookie"
What do you call a guy who fucks himself? [Ethan Hawke](http://i.imgur.com/tXrW7HU.jpg). Strange new trend at the office People are putting names on food in the company fridge. Today I had a tuna sandwich named Kevin.
I remember this from a Monty Python "My dog has no nose!" Says one man. His friend asks "well how does he smell?" "Stinky!" Some kid just threw a bottle of milk at me HOW DAIRY! His behaviour was udderly disgusting. It just skimmed my head.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary Is the amount of time you waste browsing Reddit, loser. it's a status....not your diary...
How do the Rolling Stones like their burgers? Plain - Rolling Stones gather no moss-tard! Caitlin Jenner isn't transgender. She's trans-Jenner.
News: Boy George's reptile bites 5 people in one day.' He needs a calmer chameleon. They say: "keep your friends close and your enemies closer". The problem is, nowadays you can't tell them apart.
What do you say to Floyd Mayweather after his arms have been cut off? Whatever you like. American Public Schools.
What is an electricians favorite type of news Current events A vegan, cross fitters, and yoga person sit down for dinner And nobody says a word.
A man walk into a bank And yells: THIS IS A ROBBERY And banker replies: It is ,now give me your money. My ex posted a pic captioned, "Just me" and I commented, "Yes just you and your 7 personalities"
So embarrassing when you compliment a lady on her large belly and it turns out she's just pregnant. How do heavy metal bands surf the web? On the Din-ternet.
Why didn't the skeleton go to the party? He had no body to go with. What does the ninja call his penis? meningococcal
There's Angie, and then there's Drunk Angie, and one of us tried to make it to Mexico on an exercise bike. Which knight of the round table had Diabetes? Sir Lance-a-lot
Have you heard the joke about the three rats? It was cheesy What did Martin Luther King Jr., Rosa Parks, and Nelson Mandela all have in common? They're all criminals.
my favorite punchline... "No, nurse! I said 'slip off his spectacles'!" Non-native English speakers, try to literally translate jokes from your own language We might get some weird/funny stuff
I tried kicking the habit today. The nun wearing it is extremely pissed. To moma Yo moma so stupid she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side
Neighbour:How's the wife? Me:Glowing Neighbour:Pregnant? Me:No, she's on fire, just going for more wood Neighbour:You're sick Me:You're next I'd make a political joke... But it's too soon, the DNC tried to force one on all of us and we saw how that went.
Who's the idiot that made it Killer whale and not Panda shark How Much Did the Pirate Charge For Corn? A buck an ear
Why are lawyers buried 18 feet deep when they die? Because deep down they're all actually good people. Get in on Syrian real estate now! The markets are exploding!
Cheating at a limbo contest.... that's about as low as you can get! Michael J. Fox was in a car crash... ...a bystander ran up to check if he was ok. "Yeah..." Michael said "I'm just a little shaken up"
I call my penis "Batman". Girls love it when the Dark Knight Rises. Playing the prequel to Angry Birds where the pigs fuck all the birds' wives.
How do pigs talk? Swine language Why can't two Asians have a white baby? Because two wongs don't make a white
Why does Star Wars Movies numbering scheme starts with 4,5,6? Because in charge of the numbers, Yoda was Why is Islam called the religion of peace? After you leave the religion, you rest in peace.
What do you call a promiscuous woman who travels a lot? Abroad. I once dated a dyslexic woman. I took her home and she cooked my sock.
Two Heads God gifted man with two heads, but only enough blood to run one at a time. As my wife gave birth all the doctors yelled, "Push!" I was convinced it was a Pull door.
What do you call a kangaroo who chases rock stars to have sex with them? A kangaroupie. What times does the chinaman go to the dentist? Tooth-hurty
What do you call a dragon that can't sit still? A wiggle wyrm. Crocodiles; these prehistoric beasts can grow up to 20 feet! Although most just grow 4.
A murderer sitting in the electric chair was about to be executed. "Have you any last requests? asked the chaplain. "Yes" replied the murderer. "Will you hold my hand?" Did you take a shower today? Why, is one missing?
Why be fake when being real takes no effort at all? End a boring conversation by opening an umbrella in their face
*trains 1 million soldier ants* *gets carried to work* At my last physical, my doctor told me I had to stop masturbating, and I asked why. He said, "Because I'm trying to give you a physical."
Q: What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%? A: Her wedding cake. No one spoil the ending, I haven't finished the iTunes user agreement yet!!
What's the funniest type of Mexican food? Fajitahahahas In 2011 it is more normal to have 0 or 2 dads than 1 dad
Just been sacked from my job as a chef for stealing I've always been a whisk taker. What do women call men who are shorter than 5'7"? Friends
Hope nobody has a video of me trying to get the fourth corner of a fitted sheet over the mattress. Butt sex is a lot like spinach If you're forced to have it as a child, you probably won't like it as an adult.
I can't understand the critics  saying that only an idiot would like that television program. I really  enjoyed it. Did you hear about the stationary store? It moved.
Bad jokes are like farts... ....better to let them pass. My friends think I have a black sense of humour I don't know what they're talking about... In my view it's golden.
The plan was to keep eating these alcoholic chocolates until I was either drunk or diabetic. I didn't bargain on "bankrupt" being an option. Curiosity killed the cat... NASA sincerely apologizes...
What did the big cracker say to the little cracker ? My pop is bigger than yours ! Why did Hitler kill himself? He finally got the gas bill.
How does one sink, that which floats? How does one sync, that which floats? Well, we type case the variable to make sure that both sides of the equation are of type, floats. 3 blondes walk in to a bar you'd think one of them would have seen it
So in The Matrix they feed you the liquified remains of the dead through a tube but you get to sleep and be online all day? I'm listening. I got a job as a bounty hunter in China. Couldn't believe my luck, every time they put a new wanted poster up, the guy they were after was standing right next to me!
What did the amputee say to his mom when he learned to ride a bike? Look ma, no hands! Guy in the club: *lifts up his shirt* I do 400 crunches a day. Me: How many more until you get a personality?
just read an article about the horrible effects of binge drinking and fuck that im never reading again I get so fustrated when people say "supposably" or "irregardless" I feel like I'm literally drownding
My ex has made me dinner.. *gives a bit to the dog first* How did 1940's German Men pick up Jewish Girls With a broom and a dustpan
Scared the postman by going to the door naked. I'm not sure what scared him more, my naked body or the fact that I knew  where he lived. Why do people say tunafish, rather than just tuna? Is that to differentiate from the tunacow and tunagiraffe?
We can put a robot on Mars but we can't make a hand rail that goes the same speed as an escalator. you're lucky I can teach you how to shave my dad wasnt around to teach me. now watch *presses razor against face and moves head up and down*
What happened to the blind circumcisor? He got the sack. Funniest joke 2015 I can't(won't) steal it so here is the original link http://i.imgur.com/asy1AU4.png
What is Spider-Man's favorite rice? Uncle Bens! If 7 out of 10 sports fans have below average intelligence, what percentage of sports fans is that? 110%. [Aaaaaand we prove once again that morons are humorless. Really should know that by now.]
Kylo Ren: We must find Luke Skywalker General Hux: Why? He won't fight & you don't need training. Kylo: He might have cool Vader souvenirs Knock Knock Who's there ! Adelia ! Adelia who ? Adelia the cards after you cut the pack !
What did the slutty DNA say to the other DNA? Unzip your genes. I just finished reading the fifth book in this great series. It's called the "Learning to Count" trilogy.
What does Donald Trump play most of the time? President Evil. What made Tesla successful ? Its musk
Shaq just described himself as a geek. The word has officially lost all meaning, Girl: What colour are my eyes? Guy: 34C.
John Boehner is lucky Pope Francis didn't splash any holy water on him. He wouldn't have been crying. He would have burst into flames. If you don't like oral sex You should keep your mouth shut
Yes, 911, that guy just fed my house letters again. Congratulations Amy Winehouse On three years of sobriety!
Me: Objection! The plaintiff is a bologna sandwich! Judge: What? M: I plead insanity. J: You're a juror. Me: Can I go? J: No. M: OBJECTION! What shakes and sits at the bottom of the ocean? A nervous wreck.
My favorite exercise is a combination of a lunge and a crunch. It's called lunch. Most suitable joke for reddit [deleted]
I steal candy bars using slight of hand... You could say I have a few Twix up my sleeve If your girl sets her Facebook relationship status to "Widowed", it's time to pack a suitcase as fast as possible.
A bald guy in a turtleneck sweater looks 97% like a roll-on deodorant. What do you call twin kittens? Dupli-cats
what do you call a fake noodle? An impasta! :D I don't think I'm a father but I better celebrate just incase I am...
Did you hear about the man from the experimental group that was arrested? He was out of control. Why did the student take Viagra while preparing for his exam? His professor said he should study hard.
What's the difference between your mom and a washing machine? If I dump a load in a washing machine it doesn't follow me around for the next few weeks. What do you call a Targaryen girl who can outrun her brothers? A virgin.
hey Liam Neeson is your "particular set of skills" gettin shit stolen from you, like, always ? Where can you find a dog with no legs? Right where you left him.
When my girlfriend and I fight, I tighten the top to every jar and bottle in the house. Just so I can say "Oh yeah, you need me NOW, huh?" My diet always starts on a Monday morning and ends at the donuts somebody brings into the office later that morning.
I've been told I'm not ambitious enough... If only there was an Olympic sport for being a lazy bastard. That bronze medal would be mine. Have you heard the one about the butter? Nah, you'll just spread it around.
Knock Knock Who's there ? Chest ! Chest who ? Chest-nuts for sale ! isn't it funny that Hillary And her entire campaign is talking shit about trump being a liar when she is still in denial about the email scandal.
ME: Hey you haven't talked to me lately, are you mad at me FRIEND: No things are just really awful ME: Oh thank god FRIEND: What Joke of the Day [Saw this on Monsters Inc when watching it today](http://i.imgur.com/32l1PsS.jpg)
Kim Kardashian's ass is ridiculous He's egotistical too How does the moon get a haircut? Eclipse it
A blind man walks into a fish store ... and says: "Whats up girls". What's a thesaurus's favorite cereal? Synonym Toast Crunch
Why did Adele crossed the road? To say hello from the other side. They still won't let me on Shark Tank with my feminine hygiene products with Yo Momma jokes printed on 'em. That shit's racist.
If you're American going into the bathroom and American coming out of the bathroom... What are you in the bathroom? European That time of year again. Time to impregnate some chick at the office Christmas party and use my bonus to pay for the abortion. Pff holidays.
If only the first rule of Vegan club Was not to talk about Vegan club Do you know the one step to avoiding clickbait? Obviously not. gg y'all, inbox = rekt
My girlfriend calls it selective hearing. I prefer to call it drama filtering. What happens when i find a good joke? I reddit.
The US flag on the moon lost its color and is now completely white It's now the French flag. There is too much freedom in this country, we need more expensive smart.
An undertaker and a snake If an undertaker and a snake got married, what would there towels say? Hissss and Hearse I would totally surf a tsunami. If I didn't get nauseous on water. And if tsunamis weren't dangerous. And I knew how to surf.
I love rock and roll so put another dime in the juke box baby... then add ninety more cents to play one song. Mum: How can you practice your trumpet and listen to the radio at the same time ? Son: Easy. I have two ears!
What did the vampire say to her kids? Eat your dinner before it clots! * Dalai Lama goes on killing spree after listening to my coworker eat soup *
Everybody in the village agreed that I did an excellent job of sewing their mouths shut. After I left, they were humming my praises. Feed me once shame on you, Feed me twice i'm moving in.
i can always see the flash of disappointment n a guy's face when i tell them i have a great relationship with my dad. Me: Can I order the conch fritters please? Waitress: The "ch" is pronounced like a "k" Me: Okay Bick.
Girls named Miranda never think it's funny when you tell them they have the right to remain silent. This isn't a competition! -People who are losing
Why did the case against the great dessert robber get thrown out? De minimis non curat lex. I'll be honest, the only time I'd ever want to be 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' would be if I was chasing them With an axe.
Golfer: "That can't be my ball caddy. It looks far too old." Caddy: "It's a long time since we started sir." What do you call an old person from Portugal? A portugeeser
Don't ask God to cure cancer & world poverty. He's too busy finding you a parking space & fixing the weather for your barbecue. My brother and I ran out of protein powder. I turned to him and said, "no whey....." (true story)
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving just isn't for you. If mankind has learned one thing from human history, I'd be stunned.
What is Green and Oblong? A well disguised orange! What am I? What has six tits and three teeth? The night shift at the Waffle House.
What does Iphone7 and spermbank have in common? JACK OFF I am a very kind and honest person. if I see an old lady trying to cross a street... ...I will tell her she is old.
19 and 20 got into a fight... Now they're facing 123 years on disturbing the peace. I was going to buy tickets to see Michael McDonald in concert... ...but I keep forgetting
Schrodinger's cat jokes never get old well, they do, but, they don't 50 Cent Or as he's known in Zimbabwe, 400,000,000 dollars.
What do cannibals call shin meat? Below knee What do you call a team of Christian mutant superheroes? The A-Men
Whoever put the 'b' in subtle was a clever bastard. There is no "I" in "team." But there's an "I" in "Tim," and my friend Carlos pronounces it "team" so....there
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance By putting it into reverse and fleeing the scene of the accident The two hardest things in programming? Naming things, caching things and off-by-one errors!
9/11 jokes are just... Plane wrong. What is a Polish person's favorite weapon? A Warsaw...
What's the difference between Santa Claus and A Black Rapper? Santa stops after three hoes. How do I tell a man he loves me?
A good way to let the audience know a character doesn't "play by the rules" is to name her Kat. Once you've seen one shopping centre... ...you've seen a mall
The porn version of Interstellar is out ... It's called "IntoStella". For the bonus point: in the gay porn version, Matthew McConaughey ends up in Uranus. I've just wrecked myself. I wish I'd checked myself beforehand.
*Me, getting my arm bitten off during a zombie apocalypse* 5: *crying* Me: It's okay, son. 5: You said you were gonna get me a snack. Why did the number 6 cry? Because 7 8 9. (7 ate 9)
In this moment, I am euphoric. Not because of some phony gods blessing, but because I am enlightened by my... KNAWLEDGE Do you know how to cook toilet paper? Me either, but I know how to brown it on one side.
When I was 18, I wanted to buy a brand new motorbike, but my mother forbid it. She explained that she had a brother who died in a motorbike crash when he was 18, and so I could have his instead. Algorithm A former vice president playing the drums
Eliminate Anime and Islam, and you secure the the existence of western culture for eternity GF: What's my biggest flaw? ME: You haven't got any, you're perfect, I love you GF: No come on, I mean pacifically ME: We should split up
The only B word you should call a girl is Beautiful Bitches love to be called Beautiful What does Batman use to wash his hair? Conditioner Gordon.
How do the Kardashians change a broken light bulb They buy a new house I have a joke about Ebola You probably won't get it
"I need a boyfriend" No, you WANT a boyfriend. You NEED water, cause you sound thirsty. Did you hear about the Asian guy who was so terrible that nobody mourned his death? He was unbereaveable.
I messed up my foot pretty bad. The doctors said it would take a while to heel. Jesus sits at his last supper *breaks bread* This is my body *pours wine* This is my blood *open jar of mayo* Judas: I'm gonna have to stop you right there
How many lead guitarists does it take to change lightbulb? One. He just stands there with the lightbulb and the whole world revolves around him. School Joke Principal: "I've had complaints about you, Johnny, from all of your teachers. What have you been doing?" Johnny: "Nothing, sir." Principal: "Exactly!"
Working at the aluminum recycling plant is the saddest job I've ever had... ... It's just soda pressing. Don't invest in skiing companies The whole sport is going down hill fast
Silly Political/Finance Joke What do Vladimir Putin, Crude Oil, and the Russian Ruble have in common? They're all going to be 65 this year. I like jury duty because it's a fun reminder that one day my life could be in the hands of a guy wearing Velcro shoes.
[at a child's birthday party] Lady: which one's yours? Me: uhh, that one L: that's my daughter M: *grabs the cake and runs* Your momma's so fat that she should probably be worried about the increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
eating Asian pussy all I need was SWEET AND SOUR SAUCE Scared the mailman today by going to the door completely naked. Not sure what scared him more, my naked body or that I knew where he lived.
That Russian guy died today.... I guess that's one we can Chekov the list. Have the people who designed wine glasses ever washed dishes in their lives?
I'd like you to meet my family, my wife Sharon, my son Carl, and this balloon that follows me around Stepped on an action figure in the shower and simultaneously invented six new cuss words in four different languages.
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you but will also take every risk just to be with you. Why do you need to carry radioactive materials in sealed, lead containers? To stop it from falling out.
Did you hear they're making a holistic version of Star Wars? It's based on darth vadar's holistic brother, Ayur Veder. A horse walks into the bar... The bartender asks: "why the long penis"?
Why do British people never sound British when they sing? I went to www.match.com Better luck on www.ancestry.com
It takes a second..... Two guys walk into a bar.... you think the second would have noticed. HA. That'll do, fellas. I think we're good on breathy singer-songwriters who sound like they're creepily whispering rapey stuff in our ears.
In the 17th century, villagers would burn down entire neighborhoods to combat diseases such as bubonic plague, typhus, and gluten. What do you get when you cross human DNA and goat DNA? Thrown out of the petting zoo
after brexit... After brexit, papers please is the best selling game in the UK Me and my girlfriend... Me and my girlfriend watched 6 DVDs back to back last night, fortunately I was the one facing the TV!
How does the butcher introduce his wife? Meat Patty. (This was told to me by an old man I cut off with my grocery cart at the grocery store). Why did they fire Victoria? Was she keeping secrets? What is Victoria's Secret?
I'm hesitant to go ahead with my new plastic surgeon since he said he could give me "the parts of an animal" I was all gung-ho before, but now he's given me paws What are the inhabitants of Crete called? Cretins!
If I'm ever captured as a spy, all they'd have to do to get me to talk is put my house slipper on the wrong foot. A woman stopped me in the street and asked me to show her how to get to the hospital. So I pushed her under a bus.
I recently entered a blindfolded masturbation competition... I haven't seen the results yet so I've no idea where I came... Thanks for putting your kid on the phone so he could say hi. It changed my life.
How many feminist does it take to screw in a light bulb? THAT'S NOT FUNNY Why was Yoda afraid of seven? Because six seven eight.
Just been on a 'once in a lifetime holiday'... ...never again. [/timvine] I bought a Valentine's Day card for everyone at our local Tourettes Society. It's the thought that cunts!
Why does Michael J Fox make the best milkshakes? Because he uses the best ingredients. I love you all so much right now because alcohol.
Nice try, theatre ad. But some of us don't need to put our phones on silent, for we have prevented calls with our deplorable personalities. friend of mine collapsed while he was putting the washing out the other day and had to be rushed to hospital. He almost pegged it.
So a guy came into a bar... No... wait, it was a horse. So a guy came into a horse... What did the dinosaur say after the car crash? I'msosaurus
Why do black people have white on their palms? There's a little bit of good in everybody. What is the best way to pass the time on Tatooine? Watch the Dagobah
What's worse than getting AIDs? Having to find out that your dog has AIDs too. [OC] Alright, here's my new year's resolution... Stop being late
Did you hear about the deformed linebacker? He had 4 sacks. Have you ever had an Ethiopian breakfast? Neither have they.
I REALIZED THAT I AM THE VICTIM After ten years of marriage, the wife asks her husband: - Honey, are you by nature a winner or a loser? - Honey, over the years I realized that I am the victim ... In honor of the Olympics I suggest we start a synchronized drinking team..... Whose in?
Why are manhole covers circular? Because Rouleaux triangles are too hard to manufacture. What do you call 8 hobbits? A hobbyte. What is an amputees favorite movie? Armageddon.
What did the cannibalistic lion do? Swallow his pride. How many Germans does it take to change a lightbulb? 1..... Because they are very efficient, but not very funny. Courtesy of my brother /u/twinhawk
The real reason Washington state passed Gay-marriage and recreational marijuana use. Because the bible says when two men lie together, they should be stoned. I don't volunteer my time to worthy causes but I do always whisper "you're doing great" when a waiter is describing the specials to me
What do white girls and Prime numbers have in common? They can't even.. KILLER PJ for Indians! James Bond was travelling in an Autorickshaw Driver - Rs.7.50 hue Sahab .. Bond - Yeh lo 5 rupaye .. Driver - Lekin baki ke 2.50 ?! Bond - " DHAI ANOTHER DAY " :D :D
I just found a piece of pizza in my trash can. HOW DID THIS HAPPEN!! WHO WOULD DO SUCH A THING!! My buddy is awesome at grilling steaks. They are all very well done
How many anti-feminists does it take to screw the light bulb? Anti feminists? Nah, they can't screw Is there a way to make a hamburger do the Hula? Sure order a burger and a shake!
[DOG MAGICIAN] think of a color, any color...is it...gray? [OTHER DOG] oh my GOD I ate five cans of alphabet soup yesterday. Then, I easily had the biggest vowel movement ever.
Knock-knock What do you call a piano composer that smokes? Tarcoughski
Why did the Eskimo wash his clothes in tide? Because it was too cold out tide. My girlfriend told me to stop listening to Oasis I said maybe..
Yes, autocorrect, I wanted to ask if she was all tight. Thank you. Now I know. What is Lil Jon's favorite flavor of BBQ? Mesquite squite squite. ...Forgive me I'm freshly smoked.
Why did the vampire consider himself a good artist? He liked to draw blood! What time does a mechanic wake up? Oily!
We get it. You're Muslim. You don't have to Ramadan our throats. Ripping a blaring fart every now and then lets your masseuse know who's in charge.
Every single cat would kill you if it was big enough. Think about THAT when you are deciding between name brand cat food and the generic. What did the bra say to the hat? You go on ahead. I'll give these two a lift. Edit: Someone didn't like the word guys in it
I was getting a handjob from this blind hooker... She told me: WOW! This is the biggest dick I have ever felt! I said "No way! You're pulling my leg!" the printer in my office is fondly called Bob Marley it keeps jamming
On my birthday my wife suggested I have a threesome... My wife suggested for my birthday I have a threesome. I replied "Do I get to pick both girls?" And then the fight started... I learned from 'The Exorcist' That when it comes to souls, possession is 9/10 of the law. Changed slightly from a comment made by /u/boobiesucker
What does a German woman dial when a man won't take no for an answer Nein! Nein! Nein! Francois Hollande.
Co-worker: My husband & I are praying for a baby. Me: You know that's not how you get 1, right? You gotta have sex. What does HR want now? I went to the doctor and he gave me 2 months to live... I went to the doctor and he gave me 2 months to live. I shot him and the judge gave me 30 years.
If your watch is broken why can't you go fishing? Because you don't have the time. How do you test a pirate for crabs? Swab the deck!
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers please!" What's the difference between princess Diana and Tiger Woods? Tiger Woods has a better driver
An Irishman walks out of a bar.... What? It could happen. Happy 10th birthday to your dating profile pic.
What do you call a WWII battle that finished it's senior year at communism school? Leningrad Every so often you come across a person that supplies you with endless motivation, even if it is just to jump into traffic.
Do you whats amazing? Spiderman Looking for someone to shovel my snow while dressed as a stormtrooper. No weirdos.
What does heroin make you feel like? More heroin. What's Pharma Bro's favorite musical? Rent.
Why did the duck cross the basketball court? He heard the referees were blowing fouls... -Jim Norton I went to France yesterday to see a soccer match... I had a blast!
A three-legged dog sits down at the bar Orders a whiskey. Bartender asks,"What brings you to these parts?" Dog responds,"Lookin for the sonofabitch who shot my paw.' Smart people don't call themselves smart - me included.
What does Subway and a Hollywood Tranny have in common? Both offer $5 dollar Foot Longs I'll be here all week cause my car broke down by the shakeys next the aqueduct What does the Starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common? They both glide around Uranus and wipe out Klingons!
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful, hate me because you were the only car in the lot and I parked so close you couldn't open your door. What's the difference between a leper and a tree? A tree has limbs.
Why are gay guys always butthurt? Oh yeah. What kind of ghosts haunt operating theatres? Surgical spirits.
ople who say they'd go back and change things in their life if they could are pussies, you don't get this awesome without the shitty parts Last night, Gotye won Record of the Year. Parents were like, "Who's Gotye?" while their kids were like, "What's a record?
I'm trying to figure out which iPhone to buy. The black one runs faster, but the white one actually works. What's worse than seeing a worm in an apple u just bit into? Holocaust
How many people in denial does it take to change a lightbulb ? There is nothing wrong with the lightbulb. What did the waiter ask the group of Jewish mothers? Is *anything* okay?!
Q: You're on top of Mount Everest. How do you get down? A: Pluck a duck. Why did everyone think that the proctologist was a great fighter? Because he was really good at talking shit....
Did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper? He sold his soul to Santa Wow, this article looks awesome.*clicks link**finds out it's a slideshow**throws computer out the window*
A Buddhist monk approaches a hotdog stand and says "make me one with everything". WHY IS ASS RED BECASUE MY DAD WALKED THROUGH THE DOOR AND FUCKED MY ASS TILL IT WAS RED YOU FUCKING RETARDS
What did the Russian man say to the boy after he did nice for someone? That was *Cher-i-nobyl* of you At the beach, looking at all these fit young people, with their perfect bodies and perfect tans and I think "I wish I could be a shark".
Why are most male squirrels gay? Cuz they love nuts! What's the difference between firewood and a jew? The firewood ain't been turned into ash yet.
A Redditor goes on a date. Why did the blind kid fail geometry? He didnt see the point.
You say to-MAY-to and I also say to-MAY-to because nobody says to-MAH-to. Nobody. The difference between polygamy and monogamy. Polygamy is having too many wives, but monogamy is having one wife too many.
The World Trade Center had a Speed-Reading club they went thru fifty stories in thirty seconds Growing up, I always wanted to be someone. Now that I'm old, I've realised I should have been more specific.
A. Why do blondes always smile during lightning  storms? Q. They think their picture is being taken. Barking dog at the back door wanting in and your wife's yelling at the front wanting in. Which one do you let in? The dog, once he's in, he shuts up!
Confucius say, many hand make for light work, But one hand make for quick job. Whats the difference between Jelly and Jam? I can't jelly my dick into your girls ass.
My girlfriend told me that if I ever cheated on her, it would be worse if it was with a black girl. I told her she was wrong. It'd only be three-fifths as bad. Inflatable mattresses are great if you like your bed to slowly eat you.
Wonder what a black guy would look like without a diamond earring. I like my men like I like my coffee-- silent.
If I had a dollar for every woman that finds me unattractive... ...then after a while they would find me attractive. This winter, ice crystals will stick together and fall from the sky Snow joke
DOCTOR: You've suffered a brain injury. It's affected your hippocampus ME:What? Lol sorry I was picturing hippos at college. Who are u again Whenever I see a bear on a motorbike I'm like, "Good for you. You've not let the fact you can't be tattooed stop you from getting a bike."
What does a redneck do on Halloween? Pumpkin How can you tell that God is a man, and not a woman? If God were a woman, she would have made semen taste like chocolate!
What is red and green, and goes over 3000 miles per hour? A frog in the blender Irish Pooing Competition So I entered an Irish pooing competition the other day. I came Turd.
You know what they say: Finding the right analogy is has hard as hmm... A Jewish kid asks his dad for 50 bucks. His dad says, "40 dollars? What do you want 30 dollars for?"
My mate tried some Walkers mystery flavour crisps last night and swore they tasted like his wife's pussy, He thought it was his imagination but everyone in the pub said he was right! A priest checks into a hotel... says to the clerk, "I assume the porn is disabled." Clerk says, "No! It's just regular porn you sick freak!"
What do Kermit The Frog'S fingers smell like? Bacon. What's the worst part of getting hit in the face with pie? It's never ending.
Being drunk was nice because it gave me an excuse for why I'm such an asshole. Before the Wright brothers made the first airplane, Chuck Norris had already invented the rocket and flown to Pluto, where he lived for 20 years.........naked
My roommate said he gets laid ten times more than me. 0x10=0 *at an AA meeting* "Hi, I'm Andy and I have a drinking problem. I have 2 hands and only 1 mouth. Lol." *gets aggressively escorted out*
I run up to the firefighter as he drags another charred body out of my burning home. "Did you see a zip disk labeled POEMS in there?" How does a chef get to work? He woks.
A gambling addict begins his 5th stretch of therapy... "It failed 4 times in a row, so it's bound to work this time." It's not herpes I burned my lip on a hot sausage.
What's the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a pot of glue? You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna. What do you mean dinosaurs didn't have titties?! *throws my camera on the ground and causes a scene as I leave the museum *
Whats the difference between a murder and Hamlet performed by geese? Nothing, they're both fowl play My father was never proud of me. One day he asked me, "How old are you?" I said, "I'm five." He said, "When I was your age I was six."
This guy went for an interview with Buzzfeed What happened next will shock you What is it that is yours , but others use it more than you ? Your name
Two goldfish are in a tank... One turns to the other and says: "You man the guns, I'll drive" What do you call a gay man's paradise? A fruitopia.
I said to my girlfriend, "Please get me a newspaper." "Don't be silly,"she replied, "you can borrow my iPad." That spider never knew what fucking hit it. History is his-story, rambled the tumblrina... where are the records of the deeds of women? that is a miss-story
I cut my finger on a beer can last night. Now I know how Julius Caesar felt when he was betrayed by his best friend. I'm sick of this condescending parrot making fun of the way I talk.
Walks into a room - A doctor walks into a patient's room ...and decides to update the chart. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a thermometer and says "Great! What asshole has my pen?" I'm quitting the blueberry only diet. I haven't lost a pound and I'm getting tired of blueberry pancakes, muffins and poptarts every meal.
What's the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a pot of glue? You can tuna piano, but you can't piano a tuna! Who served as the 45th Vice President of the United States? [Warning: Gore]
What did the doctor tell the panda bear after the results of his child's paternity test came back? I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the results are a bit grizzly. What do ISIS want for Christmas? Turkey, apparently.
If you're having a rough day, remember there are people out there with their ex's names tattooed on them. It's a comfort knowing Dad is looking down on me, but we should probably cut his hang-glider out of that tree one of these days.
What is a pedophile's favourite pair of shoes? White vans. Can't believe Sting isn't the lead singer of the Scorpions
What's the worst trick you can do to your blind brother? Leave the plunger in the pot. Did you hear about the guy who went to the ER with 15 little toy ponies stuck up in his rear end? Doctors say his condition is stable.
The definition of Halloween: Halloween: the holiday when children vandalize your yard with toilet paper, then are rewarded with candy the next day. Which language does a drunk Scotsman speak? [x-post /r/puns] Scotch.
Doctor: You appear to have potassium poisoning. Mario: But I've avoided bananas my whole life! My Girlfriend thought we should get Friends With Benefits. I dumped her, I can't stand Justin Timberlake.
Curiosity doesn't kill anything, stupidity does. Boss set out a bowl of hard candy in the break room, so I guess we had our Christmas party today.
Why couldn't anyone trust the snowman to do anything? He was kinda flakey Why did Microsoft skip straight to 10? Because Windows 7, 8, 9. I'll see myself out.
You are riding a horse. There is a giraffe beside you and a lion chasing you. What do you do? You get your drunk ass off the carousel. Edit: *off Thanks captain. I like my women the way... I like my wine...12 years old and in the cellar.
The student asked his sensei: "Why do you fight using only your feet?" Oh, y'know. For kicks. Whats the problem with tainted money? It taint yours and it taint mine :D (Puns for the win? :D)
What's a parrot's favourite song? I love Parrots in the Springtime! Whenever i am lonely or depressed my piano makes me feel better... Its an appreciating asset.
I got a good one for you guys 1 Being from the South, my mother was all about hospitality! Cooking, cleaning, dishes, laundry and even foot rubs! She made me do it all.
If alcohol kills germs and laughter is the best medicine, I'm the healthiest mofo on this planet. The new Battlefield 1 looks so damn good, you could say... They just knocked Call of Duty into space.
A SQL statement walks into a bar... he confidently walks up to a couple of tables and says, "May I join you?". What do you call an underage gang bang? Bohymen Rapecity
How is American Beer similar to making love in a canoe? They're both fucking close to water. Butter must be southern Because it's usually inbred
Q: What's got four legs and no ears? A: Mike Tyson's dog. Why is the peanut crying? Because he couldn't handle his roast
Hey girl are you a cool autumn breeze Because you make me wanna jacket funny how people who earn philosophy degrees probably at some point ask themselves "why did i do this"
A man clicks on a post in /r/jokes... I'm watching you. Keep away from professional dermatologists.. They make rash decisions
What do you call a gay person in a wheelchair chair? Rollaids Alcohol &amp; Fanta If I Drink Alcohol , I m Alcoholic... If I Drink Fanta, M I Fantastic...?
I couldn't work at a Rainforest Cafe without yelling "You know where you are? You're in the jungle baby! You're gonna die!" Arron Hernandez found guilty of first-degree murder He has been sentenced to life in prison without parole. I'm not quite sure how much longer he is going to remain a "tight end"
So if they were called the Mario Bros., that means Mario's last name was Mario? Q: Did you know that the three wise men were firemen? A: It says they came from afir (a fire a far).
Where does Joseph Kony train his soldiers? Arizona You are going to lose your license to be a doctor Doctor 1: You are going to lose your Doctoring License Doctor 2: Everyone has slept with their patients one time or another Doctor 1: You're a vet
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, then they'd be called bagels! Me: Mistakes my own hair for a spider at least once a day & screams Also me: [watching Criminal Minds] I could totally be a cop
What's wrong with a chameleon that can't change colors? He has a reptile dysfunction. I'm never more irritated by fashion than when I'm trying to stuff something in a fake pocket!
I like the religions where they're like "god left after he made earth." that's exactly what I would do if i created this mess. Dora could get to her destination in half the time if Swiper were in prison where he belongs.
I like my women like I like my coffee... With no stray pubes. I'm one of those people who thinks different races shouldn't mix Which is why I don't participate in triathlons
A whale is having a conversation with its son. Son: "Hey Dad, where did I come from?" Dad: "From my dick, son" Son: "Uhhh, thanks?" Dad: "You're whalecum" What would Bill Cosby's name be if he was Russian? Vladimir Puddin'
"How do you like your eggs?" "I like 'em just fine" A pirate walks into a bar and has a ship's wheel sticking out his crotch. 'Does that not hurt?' asks the bartender. To which the pirate replies: 'Yaarr, it's driving me nuts!'
If history is written by the victors... ...then who writes French history textbooks? Why should you buy Adrian Peterson sun screen? Because it is very strong at beating the son.
My girlfriend called me a peadophile the other day I said 'that's a big word for a 6 year old' interviewer: do you have any experience in a leadership role? me: well, I am the group admin for a WhatsApp group
The awkward moment you're watching porn and your girlfriend walks in. I wish she'd told me she worked in the industry. Hugh Hefner and Larry King used to room together when they helped build the pyramids.
Music is a good place to hide. You momma so stupid.. She got fired from the m&amp;m factory for throwing away all the W's
Trump says he'll make Oasis pay for a wonder wall. The relationship stages;-         :*         :'(
69% of people... ...find something dirty in every sentence. It would just be mean to make a joke about the woman with lumber breast implants..... Wooden Tit
Where does the Lone Ranger take his trash? To the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump. A Funny Joke My Life...
I like playing games on Xbox Live with Mexicans because of the possibility of seeing "You were killed by Jesus" on the screen. ME: *falls into gorilla enclosure* GORILLA: [in sign language] I have a boyfriend.
My girlfriend broke up with me, because she hated me singing Linkin Park songs all the time. But in the end, it doesn't even matter. If tapped, a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick could power the entire country of Australia for 44 minutes.
How many Syrians does it take to launch a missle? Two. One to launch it, and one to watch CNN to find out where it landed. The founder of the Hokie Pokie died the other day His funeral was a fiasco. First they tried to put his right foot in...
A bear walks into a bar.. *Goes up to the bartender* Bear: "Hi, I'd like a gin...................and tonic." Bartender: "Sure, but what's with the big pause?" *bear looks at own paws* Why wouldn't the bird let her chicks go near the pig pen? She didn't want the pigs eating shredded tweet.
what do you call the offspring of two lesbians? A hermaphrodike "We stopped making the style of jeans that fit you perfectly right after you bought your first pair." -Every store ever
A termite walks into a bar... and asks, "Is the bar tender here?" Why did the dolphin feel crabby?  Because he ate too many crabs!
My neighborhood is having a meeting tonight about the crazy naked lady and I'm the only one not invited. Weird. When a coworker pisses me off, I like to write his name down for 23 boxes of girl scout cookies on the form in the break room
What did the scientist say to his fellow co-worker to stop him from jumping off the cliff to as an act of suicide? Don't jump, you've got so much potential! Always stand up for what you believe in, unless what you believe in is sitting down.
I saw a car with a flat tire so I offered to help. She tells me to hurry cause she has a hair appoinment..This is how serial killers r born Smart Students :D :P Question asked by a Student.! If a single Teacher cant Teach us all subjects, then.. how could you expect a single student to Learn All subjects.??
14-year old Becky writes "Stop wars" as her Facebook status. It gets nine "likes", all from world leaders. Peace reigns forever. She did it. Why sugars are very unhappy these days? It is sweet but still is not getting added do any thing!
How does an elephant get out of a small car ? The same way that he got in ! A blind person walks in to a bar.
Why don't girls count to two? Because they "can't even." What is Irish and stays on your patio, even when it rains? Patty O'Furniture.
Lamest joke ever What did 6 say to 9? . . . Baby! Let's do a 69. Hahaha XD You know how you keep an asshole in suspense? I'll tell you tomorrow!
Why are Ethiopian's teeth so white? Because they never use them Why didn't Ukraine go to war with Russia yet? They were Putin up with him.
What happened when the computer fell on the floor? It slipped a disk. I had a teacher in high school who always assumed we'd give the wrong answer. "What's hotter, green or red peppers?" Green "Nope. Green."
The day I let a dog make decisions for me ....Is the day I go blind. PS3 messin around I need a picture of a 16 year old girl that is believable, not suspicious. Please don't ask why, I'm just a bit messed up in the brain
My Dog voilet Rules My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad, finally I had to take his bike away. Make the little things count... teach midgets arithmetic.
What has over a hundred teeth and keeps back Godzilla? my zipper! How do you fit 4 gay guys on one chair? Turn it upside down
What do black people do after sex? 15 to life WARNING! If you get an e-mail with the title of "Nude Photo of Newt Gingrich" DO NOT OPEN IT! It IS a nude photo of Newt Gingrich.
The funny thing about fast food is, that it slows down the people who eat it. What do you call a bugle inside of a bubble? A buble!
There are only two certain things in computer programming life... death and syntax (end). What animal is endangered by tooth decay? Molar bears!
What do you call a man with news paper down his pants Russel What would you call a very funny mountain? Hill Arious!
Massaging the shoulders of the person in front of you at the Redbox machine will usually help them make up their mind faster. I used to piss myself when I stood in front of my 3rd grade class. It costed me my teaching career...
Regular sex makes your day. Butt sex makes your hole weak. Last year I was quite miserable and depressed, so I made it my new year's resolution to turn that around. Thanks 2016, you helped me achieve my goal and made me depressed and miserable.
My wife was out of town, so I had to run the morning routine by myself today. I learned a lot. For example, apparently I have two kids. Hahaha this stupid baby on the bus thinks they can cry louder than me
I just shot my first turkey today! I don't think they are going to let me back into that store again. Coworker: Are you seeing anyone? Me: Unfortunately. CW: Then why are you dating her? Me: No, I meant you're standing in front of me.
Receptionist: So you're here about your carpal tunnel huh..fill out these 20 forms and press hard so the copies are clear I invented a new joke today! Plagiarism!
Researchers found out,... ... after someone finally opened the door. How can you tell when an Italian car has a flat tire? Dago wop wop wop
I wish instead of Grammar Nazis there were Grammar Angels. They'd quietly whisper, "Baby, you made a mistake. Let me fix it for you. -hug-" Time to get a haircut. Unless somebody knows an easier way to get a dude's dick on your arm.
I'm against protesting... But I don't know how to show it. What is six inches long, has a bald head, and drives blondes crazy? A hundred dollar bill.
This one time, I shot a defenseless black guy and got arrested.. For impersonating an officer of the law. Cop: Do you know why I pulled you over? Me: To propagate authoritarianism and generate revenue for the state? Cop: Besides that.
I had to quit the massage business. I kept rubbing people the wrong way. Atilla the Hun, Adolf Hitler and a lawyer are stranded with you on a island ... - and you have a gun with only 2 bullets, who do you shoot? -- The lawyer twice.
A powerful tornado tore through our town last night. So far, eight bodies have been found. Plot twister. It only damaged the graveyard. Friends don't force friends to watch 'funny' YouTube videos.
A: Took my temperature today. B: Oh really? A: No, rectally. A boy goes to the drug store to buy some condoms. 'Do you want a bag?', the cashier asks him 'No', the boy says, 'she isn't *that* ugly'
A baguette up the butt is a real pain in the ass. Why does Santa always have a big sack? He only comes once a year.
Did you hear about the time when King Arthur slept with another woman? It was a one knight stand. A man goes to a house of ill repute on his hundredth birthday He tells the madam, "I'd like a woman." "Forget it old man, you've had it." "How much do I owe you?"
I think Hillary Clinton will be the best president. If she couldn't screw Bill, how can she screw America? I just broke up with my blind girlfriend. We just didn't see eye to eye anymore.
What's the hardest part about rollerblading? Telling your parents you're gay. Did you hear about the new Christian online video game? It's pretty good, but it's pray2win.
Today my girlfriend left me Because I have a Linkin Park obsession... ...But in the end it doesnt even matter... Some people complain about it, but I don't really mind going into work every morning... It's the 8 hour wait to go home again that pisses me off.
For easter I'm going to smuggle drugs into prison with my anus. I'm calling myself the keister bunny! If you receive an e-mail that says: ''FREE JUSTIN BIEBER CONCERT TICKETS'' Don't open it! It may contain free Justin Bieber concert tickets.
If Adrian Peterson played baseball, how would he bat? Switch Hitter People who say "go big or go home" seriously underestimate my willingness to go home. Like, it's literally my only goal for most of the day.
"I'll be back!" -boomerangs -and herpes What do multiculturalism and the movie Jaws have in common? They both made Americans despise great whites!
Last night I was driving down an old country road when I hit a pedestrian going 50 mph. It seemed to take forever for help to arrive. That's the last time I use that towing company. *runs in place* *cracks knuckles* *stretches neck* *takes a deep breath* *heads toward buffet*
Whats the difference between a Hoover and a Harley? The position of the dirtbag. My garbage disposal can't even handle this banana and now I'm wondering if I actually have a garbage disposal.
"Why is there sweat on my handbag?" "Calm down, it's just a little pursepiration." The more we ban gluten, the black market demand for it skyrockets and the Mexican gluten cartels make a killing.
Two Blondes walk into a bar They both fall on the ground, stunned from pain. What is the Terminators Muslim name? Al Bi Baq
I would love my job so much more if I didn't have to hide my flask. How can I ever be happy... If I was born crying?
Why can't Trump be compared to vegetables in jokes? Because even artichokes have a heart. Costume Ideas For Halloween, you should dress up as Pavlov. Not everyone will get it, but it should ring a bell.
Tweets that proclaim "your a idiot" never fail to delight me. Policeman: Why didn't you stop at that red light? Motorist: Then you would have caught up with me.
Tonight at the Who concert As the band started up "You Better You Bet", the guy next to me stood up to go get a drink. So I asked him - "Not a fan of their new album?" *emerges from a large magic lamp,* it's me the Reasonable genie, please only wish for things like 'drive me to the airport'
If you say "people either love me or hate me" it's a pretty safe bet that most of them hate you. I've never been one for Nazi jokes... I've been nein for them.
There are two times when a man doesn't understand a woman before marriage and after marriage. What do you call a black man flying a plane? The pilot.
My therapist keeps saying that I should really stop talking to inanimate objects.....but he's a lamp...what does he know.... A vegan, an atheist, and a Crossfitter walk into a bar.... The only reason I knew is that they wouldn't shut the fuck up about it.
Do Wilma Flintstone got a booty? She yabba-dabba dooooooo! What do you call a tractor trailer that can't keep up with the others? (Self) Semi retarded.
There are 6 jurors on the Treyvon Martin trial. I bet they all get on the same cycle from being around each other so much... Dude better hope it isn't that time of the month when the verdict comes in. Sometimes I wonder how people who don't have kids get their TV remotes from the other side of the room.
Apple CEO Tim Cook comes out as gay... No wonder the iPhone 6 won't stay straight! What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father in law.
Two thieves try to steal a calendar. They each got six months. If some last names were an ancestor's profession (Baker, Cobbler) How do you explain Dickinson?
TSA: Sir, you can't bring that bottle of whiskey on the flight. Me: Um, this is my Service Whiskey. See his little vest? TSA: .... Dance like no one is watching you while secretly videotaping to later be posted on YouTube so you become the latest worldwide laughing stock
How do you wake up Lady Gaga..? POKER FACE ... BAHAHAHA!!! So I went to a stable for a self confidence boost I found myself surrounded by a bunch of neigh-sayers.
"Um, here's a crazy idea, how about finishing the wall mural in the baby's room?" - Banksy's wife If there's a sock on my doorknob... It means I'm having sex with the other one.
What do you call it when you use your debit card to pay to have sex with a MtF illegal immigrant Paperless trans action Putin is really messing with Obama over this Ukraine thing. The last time a Russian beat a black guy this bad Apollo Creed died.
What do you call the version of google maps without pac man? Pac Man-free Ver. Thank god this election is over. .....I almost forgot what real commercials were like.
How do you get ready for a trip around the Sun? Planet The 'M' in 'MTV now stands for 'MISCELLANEOUS'.
I know you're the instructor but I've seen Ghost 47 times so I know for a fact this IS how pottery is made! I don't really like the idea that James Franco might be in my grandkids' history textbooks.
What did the science teacher say when the kid was experimenting with magnets? "May the force be with you" So I guess these Brazillian jokes aren't happening Neymar?
Thanks a lot Apple, for calling 7 inches a mini. If I exit the bathroom stall singing "Break On Through (To The Other Side)", it's best to avoid shaking my hand.
What do you call a friendly Chinese man who gives out free firewood? Kind Ling What do vegetarian zombies want? Graaaaiiiiinss!
Killer whales are inappropriately named. The proper term is killer Welsh. Body: I'm sooooooo tired Brain: WHAT IF DINOSAURS HAD ASSAULT RIFLES
Did you see that? That's the third time she came over here. I think she likes me. "This is Applebee's and she is our waitress" Pinot? I hardly noir.
What do a virgin and a used Prius owner have in common? Neither of them have had sex How does a penman make his living? He charges a calligra-fee of course!
I'm not saying Martha Stewart is old, but... she needs a new Walker more than the Fast and Furious franchise. What do you call always having a date for New Year's Eve? Social Security.
The best part of waking up is when you say "fuck it" and go back to sleep. Before and After marriage! What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before they got married? Feyonce.
How do you kill a circus? ...go for the Juggler! Be a firefighter they said, Rescue kittens & throw them into fire they said, Youre misinformed they said, We're calling the police they said
What is the difference between camping and being homeless? Marshmallows What did the prostitute catch when she went out with 5 fishermen? ... A big red snapper
Science joke: What do you study to learn about acid? A pHD What's another name for the Periodic Table of elements? The atoms family.
What's the easiest way to piss off a bunch of redditors? [DELETED] A cucumber made a dill with the devil. He's in quite a pickle now.
Why do women have smaller feet than men?  - It allows them to stand closer to the sink. How many Will Ferrell's does it take to change a light bulb? One, AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!
ME: This car's perfect except for one thing WIFE: Yes, there's no room for the childre- ME: [finds cup holder] lol I was wrong, it's perfect I just pretended to be on my phone in the elevator and then my phone rang. I'm going to close up shop emotionally for the day
The banana apologized to the apple. You're very sweet, but I'm sorry I don't find you a**peel**ing [I know this was terrible. I guess this wasn't your taste.](#s) Why did the bear eat his mate? He called her 'honey', then got hungry.
What does a black man do after sex? 15 years. "my son, can I ask why you're carrying two HUGE crucifixes?" Well father, I've been... Double-crossed *God starts breakdancing*
Knock, knock Who's there? Hosea Hosea, who? Hosea one more words and I'll beat the craps out of her Two cows standing next to each other in a field. Daisy says to Dolly: "I was artificially inseminated this morning." "I don't believe you," replies Dolly. "It's true, no bull!"
A skeleton walks into a bar... He says to the bartender, "give me a beer and a mop." Never drink and derive You'll integrate something you don't need.
I woke up this morning to find chinese writing all over my bedroom walls. I couldn't understand it. I used to think revenge was a dish best served cold... But now I know it actually means "getting back at somebody".
While getting the newspaper, I thought the neighbor admired my new boxers a bit too much. 'Til I felt a breeze. And remembered a button. Until I had kids I didn't realize that "bouncing off the walls" was actually a literal statement.
What is a pirate's favorite class in school? Arrrrrrt class. [OC] What do you call a suicidal mathematician smoking weed? Hypotenuse
What's the difference between and elephant and a mail box? I don't know. I hope you're not allowed to take the mail out to the mail box. So a seal walks into a club. The end.
How do you circumcise a hillbilly? Punch his cousin Did you hear that HIV isn't spread by a virus? Yeah, it's spread by a fun guy
My mirror and my camera have two completely different ideas of what I look like! What did Russians used to light their houses with before candles? Electricity.
What did the scarecrow say when asked about his job? "This job isn't for everyone, but hay...it's in my jeans" What are the pigs warned to look out for in New  York? Pigpockets.
Before you say you "value my opinion," just know if a genie granted me 3 wishes, one of them would be to star in Sister Act 3. My dad said "Always leave them wanting more." That's how he lost his job in disaster relief.
The safest place to stand when I hit a golf ball, is directly in front of me.. You can only push me so far before I breakdance.
Can someone help me find..... The guy on his cell phone laughing uncontrollably because someone rear ended a car full of nuns. I think he was leaving a message. Thanks in advance. [candy store] ME: I'd like to return this Tic Tac. CLERK: It looks partially eaten. ME: It's still in... CLERK: Don't ME: ...mint condition.
Why don't nice people ride the train? Because they're usually found on trucks. I bet deaf people get really confused when they talk to someone who is applying hand lotion...
Roses are red, violets are blue. Pornhub is down, your Facebook will do. What do snotty vegetables do when they see something they don't like ? They 'turnip' their noses.
Bob was in trouble. He forgot his wedding anniversary. His wife was really pissed. She told him... My 6yo daughter's teacher just gave me a "Most Improved Ponytail" award.
[job interview] "any public speaking experience?" not since the valedictorian speech in high school "very impressive" I yelled 'YOU SUCK' How many gnomes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just the two, really. Or as many as will fit, if theyre feeling frisky.
Dear 6-year-old me: As an adult you won't need to know cursive but you will need an ability to type with your thumbs. The future is weird. TIFU by getting meatball marinara instead of steak and cheese... Oops, wrong sub
I probably wouldn't even use the gym if I were in prison. Why are hamburgers essential to football? Because the game is played on a griddle-iron!
Hear about the new gay sitcom? "Leave it, it's Beaver." Breaking News:Will.i.am has eye removed. Now he's just Will Am (I'm sorry it only works in speech form)
Where do magical animals go to jail? Azkabarn my book club evolved into a fight club so gradually I almost didn't notice
I hate people who make cancer jokes. They have no sense of tumor. You can tell Tim Horton's is a Canadian franchise, because my donut just apologized for making me fat.
I do my women like I do my homework I don't Today I have learnt - if you try and give someone the finger whilst wearing mittens, you are basically just showing them your mittens.
What do you call a cheap hooker's snatch? Death Valley. It must be pretty bad being the wife of a suicide bomber... Because if they come home after work, they've had a bad day.
WIFE: What did you just do? CAT: *bolts for no apparent reason* ME: *bolts in the opposite direction in case she's after both of us* Why did the cheese get sent to the asylum? Coz 'e-mmental!
What do you call ten Utah State law students standing ear to ear? A wind tunnel. If a hobbit were to bake a hairstyle, what would he make it out of? Frodo
Why do Little People hate the taste of alcohol? Because they can't reach the top shelf. What are french journalists good at catching? Bullets.
Why can't Jewish people view pornography?? Because watching people porkin' just ain't Kosher! Wakakakaka What did the snake say when offered a piece of cheese ? Thanks I'll just have a sliver !
"Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego?" is just not as challenging since she started using foursquare. Daughter: Here you go! Me: You're my favorite. Son: Yesterday, you said I was your favorite! Me: Yesterday, you were closest to the remote.
How much money do hookers with shallow vaginas make? Just the tips. I'm not the man you'd hoped for or even the man you wanted me to be. Perhaps you should have just once seen in me, the man I am.
*calls boss* Me: I can't come to work. Boss: Why not? Me: Gotham city needs me. Boss: ...You're not Batman. Me: Oh, yes, yes, exaaaactly. Ever since we lowered our ceilings here at the shipyard, sails have gone through the roof.
What do you call it when homosexual congressmen have lunch together? A Federal Mandate I can confirm that men and women may disagree on when advice is helpful. In related news, it is warm enough to sleep outside.
Q: How can you tell Bill Clinton apart from a cow? A: By the wise look in the eyes. will somebody tell my friend its spelled "gif" not "gf" and its not special that he has one, i have like 400 on my computer
What do you get when you cross a border collie with a pit bull? A dog that is smart enough to bury the bodies. Why do Native Americans like being invited to Thanksgiving dinners? Because usually they're stuck with reservations.
I accidentally dropped a piece of my bagel in the trash and it feels like a relative died. Plot twist: name your pets after passwords.
-Balderdash! -Codswallop! -Tommyrot! -Poppycock! Victorian Era YouTube comments I actually loved the Twilight: Eclipse movie until I realized I was actually in an alley drunk watching two cats fight over a dead mouse.
I don't think the church is going to let me pick music for the bible group again. In my defense, the band name "Lamb of God" is misleading. I had a funny dream last night Mom. Did you? I dreamed I was awake but when I woke up I found I was asleep.
cremation vs burial During a tunisian funeral , a buddhist tourist asked a man .  -why don't you burn the body ?    - we just buried the body because God will burn him down I wanted to make my racing snail faster.. So I took off its shell. If anything it became a lot more sluggish.
What's 3 inches long and pleases all women? A credit card. I hope the friends that haven't called me in a while know how much I appreciate that.
I have Alzheimer's AMA (Not sure if repost) Yes, this is a x-post from /r/circlejerk, but still a pretty good joke in my opinion. Why are ships referred to as "she" A fortune is spent trying to make them look pretty and without a man at the helm, they become an unpredictable death trap.
I just participated in a silent disco. Well, I got drunk at the morgue. Box of condoms = $6.99 Cashier's face when you ask where the fitting room is = Priceless
Does anybody know if Maternity Wards are open today? Just yelled "I will strangle you in front of your pets" out of my window to a car that cut me off in traffic on a highway in New Jersey.
What kind of superhero would Caitlyn Jenner be? An Ex-Man. Know why I make my pot brownies with chocolate laxatives? For shits and giggles.
"How much for the mannequin in the clown outfit?" "Sir, she came in with you!" When your girlfriend says "I love you" reply with "I love you more!" Because relationships are competitions that must be won.
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months. My Asian friend came out .. My Asian friend came out to his dad today and said "Dad I'm gay" . His dad after being angry for a moment said, "why not Gay+"
Today's 3-year-olds can unlock the smartphone and launch favorite app or music player. What did I do in my 3-year-old? I ate sand. GUIDE TO BEING BATMAN: 1. Lose parents, inherit everything 2. Let people get murdered 3. Never murder the Joker cause he's the best at puns
I stuffed some socks in my pants to impress the ladies but it didn't work so I'll try moving the socks to the front of my pants. It's an age-old question, but which came first, the chicken or the egg? The rooster.
How do narcissists remember everything? ...They have a photogenic memory. [outside a blazing house] Firefighter: ... Me: ... Firefighter: ... Me: ... There was a spider.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 13 million illegal aliens? Juan by Juan I like my coffee like I like my wives, From a third world country at a reasonable price.
Girl said she wanted to have my babies so I invited her over. But she didn't look happy when I told her to put them to bed by 8 and went out What is a computer virus? A terminal illness.
What's the difference between a truckload of bowling balls and a truckload of dead babies? You can't use a pitchfork to unload bowling balls. PRANK: ask someone what's on their shirt and when they look down give them a perm
Why couldn't the spotty cat chase the sheep? Because her Mum wouldn't leopard be a shepherd Hey dude that invented the unicycle... Where were you wanting to go ? then not go, then go, then not go, then get bored and juggle
(NSFW) It's been just over 10 years since we lost the Crocodile Hunter. He was a man of morals that died the same way that he lived... With animals in his heart. I can't come tonight, couldn't get a babysitter.. It is really difficult to get a babysitter when you don't have any children.
Doctor Doctor I think I'm turning  into a frog Your just playing too much croquet! You can't run through a campground, you can only ran Because it's past tents
I asked my wife to tell me something that would make me laugh and cry at the same time... Apparently out of all my friends I have the biggest dick. Q: What's the best place to photograph Clinton Administration officials? A: A police lineup.
The Past, Present, and Future walk into a bar... It was tense. I dont know if this is old but anyway What would you rate hitlers invasion of poland I personally would rate it nein out of ten Thankyou goodnight
This coworker is in a really good mood this morning, so I hacked his Facebook account and wrote "sexy" on all of his wife's friends' pics. Do not email me when my bill is ready, email me when someone has paid it, thank u.
What do you get when you cross a Native American with phosphorylation? ATP What happens if you steal in Afghanistan? You get Talibanned
SC shooting suspect Dylan Roof has been apprehended. He was charged with impersonating a police officer. If she's not ruining your life.....She's just not that into you.
I said hello to a feminist My court date starts tomorrow. There's this dog teaching me some new dance moves. He's a corgi-ographer.
*gets a Fitbit for Christmas* *puts it on a squirrel* I feel sorry for Piers Morgan. He's basically Piers Morgan, trapped in Piers Morgan's body.
Did you hear about Greek porn? They can't do money shots anymore 1000 shrinks donate hair samples to create genetically optimized SuperShrink for Donald Trump He he...
I don't like jam but my marmite Note : Girlfriend was determined this was a good joke, I thought it was trash. You decide. Mattel released a Muslim Barbie... It's a blow-up doll.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk. What do you call that same fly without legs? A raisin. my wife's divorcing me and i asked reddit for help i hit the lawyer, what now
What happens when you zip up a lion? It rars Spent the day removing $550,000,000 worth of stuff from my Amazon shopping cart.
Why did the stair railing give money to Beethoven? A bannister always pays his deafs. Don't save a spot for someone who won't make an effort to stay.
A woman is good for 70 things. Cooking and 69. How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
What do you call a fish that's worth a lot of money? A goldfish! "Son, you can practice the sex on holes in trees" "DAD?!" [next day] "Where you going with that broom handle?" "Checkin for squirrels"
Schrodingers cat walks into a bar ... and doesn't. Holding a friend's phone for her. Just texted "put a ring on it" to five random male names. Stay tuned.
I bumped into a cute guy today. I clawed his face off. I should work on my people skills. Acid is like a woman. A good one will eat right through your pants.
What do you call a Deer with... No eyes?: **No idea** No eyes and no legs?: **Still no idea** No eyes and no legs, having sex? **Still f*cking no idea** And where do you find it? **Where you left it** "Getting real tired of your crap..." Said no dung beetle ever.
I used to get sharp pains in my eye when I drank coffee... My doctor said, take the spoon out of the mug What do you call an amphibian in hiding? Incognitoad.
How can a man take an abortion pill? He just picks one up and leaves. Dear lady, $14 is crazy for an airport sandwich but complaining to the counter guy is like telling a cop to pull troops out of Afghanistan.
"I just dumped my girlfriend lol" - a cannibal after taking a shit. After mating, a female Praying Mantis kills & eat's the male. Guess she knows it's easier to claim life insurance rather than child support.
What do soy beans and dildos have in common? They are both meat substitutes! Dad got his son a birthday card A dad got his son a bday card that said "Holey cow! It's your birthday!" And it had a picture of a cow with holes in it.
Jesus drove a Honda but didn't talk about it. "For I did not speak of my own accord" John 12:49 I personally think that Halloween should be moved To November 8 (it'll be more scary)
Hate it when I'm at a hotel & the maid leaves her cart unattended & the only thing I can grab before getting caught is 3 dozen shower caps. Only dead fish go with the flow.
I'm trying to tell a Pokemon joke to my brother but he just doesn't get it. He's a slowbro. Why did Jesus deactivate his Instagram account? Because he only had 12 followers.
Anytime I get something stuck in my throat, I use beer. I call this the Heineken maneuver I got my wife tickets on a cruise ship. It's no Titanic, but I'm optimistic.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? That's not funny! Q: Have you seen the polish mine detector. A1: Put you fingers in your ears and start stamping the ground with  your foot.
How much did the skeleton charge for his excellent legal services? An arm and a leg. How Do U Kill A Retard? Give him a knife and say "who's special?"
Breaking News: Scientists clone a new hybrid cantalope and cauliflower. "We call it the melon-cauli," says Dr. Noah Lot of OMG I'm so sorry How do you insult a hamburger patty? Call it a meatball!
What has two thumbs and got laid last night? My hands. Origami You never realise how good you are at it until your toilet paper starts running out
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? That's not funny. Everyone seems so happy for you until they realize your baby carrier is just filled with mozzarella sticks.
How to impress your ex: 1. Get rich 2. Get more attractive 3. Get a tiger 4. Ride tiger everywhere in preparation for confrontation with ex Which global disasters happen when you drop a roast turkey? The downfall of Turkey, the break-up of China, and the overthrow of Greece.
There's nothing more awkward than... There's nothing more awkward than throwing a surprise party for a psychic. I never thought I'd buy into Feng Shui But oh how the tables have turned.
How do you catch King Kong? Hang upside down and make a noise like a banana. [at work] Carl, did you get naked when you used the bathroom? *standing there with his shirt & pants on backwards* "No...why do you ask?"
How do the Chinese name their kids? They throw silverware down the stairs. I screamed a Brazilian times during that waxing.
Santa is always jolly, he knows where the naughty girls live. [first date] "What's wrong?" I don't like the ambulance in this place [sniggering] "You mean ambience" [next table] NEE NAW NEE NAW WOOOOOO
My favorite element is Helium I can't speak highly enough of it They've just released a female version of Viagra. It's called Niagara.
Dentist: when was the last time you flossed? Me: bro, you were there. I asked the lady from the collection agency out on a date. She turned me down, but keeps calling. I told her I'm too old for games.
What did the dinosaur say to the caveman? RAWR! Q: What do you get when Steve Jobs hires and fires a lot of people in six months? A: An Apple turnover.
A guy walks into a pub he was hiding from the police after they shot his family for j walking Q: What kind of dog does a dracula like? - A: A  Bloodhound.
Geogrophy If Iraq invaded Turkey from the rear, do you think Grease would help? Poop jokes... are the shit.
The butcher's wife always messes up everyone's order. We call her Miss Steak. What do you call a yak that wants to talk to you about a network marketing opportunity? A cognac
Have you heard what they say about luck? It could be raining pussy and I'd get slapped in the face with a sweaty dick. Where do Muslim hipsters shop for clothes? Turban Outfitters!
Aw, I would love to keep up with the Kardashians. But being a 'pregnant-solar-powered-douche-magnet' is an art form I haven't yet perfected. What happens when you fall in love with a french chef? You get buttered up.
What is a south Koreans favorite fruit? An impeach. Why do gods eat swiss cheese? Because its holy
As a white guy, it really bothers that only black people can use the word "nigger". Thats OUR word! I'm not racist. I just wrote a racist joke. My friend keeps saying, "cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water." I know he means well.
What do you say when your lesbian daughter brings home her girlfriend? "Are you going to be staying for dinner or eating out?" I'm living on the edge. I haven't backed up in weeks
A Jew walks into a BAR.. Passes. What do you call a drummer without a girlfriend? Homeless.
I scream, you scream, we all scream... The ice cream man kidnapped us; please send help. What is the difference between brown nosing and butt kissing? Depth Perception!
My grandfather, my mom, and my siblings all have diarrhea. Runs in the family. How to scare burglars off. First, put pictures on the wall of you with a tiger. Second, put a cat litter box in your hall and sh!t in it.
So say some animals *were* injured in the making of a film. Is that listed in the credits or what? "Bob hurt one bird. He's very sorry." What is 6.9? A good time ruined by a period.
Why didn't the dog want to play football? It was a boxer! As I lay my phone down to sleep, I pray my brain won't think of tweets. If I die before I wake, I pray and hope my phone to break.
I tried to find out why my cat kept licking itself... turns out its actually quite tasty. The band Europe is rereleasing their greatest hits on records. It's the vinyl countdown.
What sort of transport does a sheep use? A ewe-nicycle What's the difference between a four year old and a baggie of cocaine? Eric Clapton wouldn't let a baggie of cocaine fall out the window.
"Ok Noah, that's 2 of everything! Did I see a 3rd sheep in your office tho?" Nope "Yea I did, it had lipstick on?" Nope, raise the anchor What's the difference between jelly and jam? I can't jelly my dick into a girls ass.
McDonald's is like if Ke$ha were a restaurant. what is Ceasar's slogan for his advertising company? Ceasar sell ads
*sees Salvation Army bell ringer* "Here you go, buddy. Merry Christmas!" "Sir, we don't accept children." *runs away* Titanic, but with literally thousands of cats.
What do you get when David Lynch directs a remake of The Godfather? Someone who makes you an offer you can't understand. If two vegetarians are arguing Is it considered a beef?
Forget Washington, Lincoln, JFK. Trump Is Simply Going To Be The Best President To Have Come in A Melania. My sister's a really bad driver.  What makes you say that? Every time she goes out in the car Dad puts a glass panel in the floor so that she can see who she's run over.
What does a guy who can predict the lottery numbers 99% of the time have in common with the letters C, D, G, H, J, K, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, and Z? They're not infallible What do Donald Trump and a pumpkin have in common? They're orange on the outside, hollow on the inside and should be tossed out in early November.
My mom just sent me a friend request on Facebook. This Is a typical "no right answer" type of situation. So two reddit mods walk into a bar... ...ya think the second one would have seen it.
What do you call a black man in a stunt plane? The brown streak. Why is Phoenix such a great lawyer? Because he's "Wright" all the time.
Synchronized diving would be far more interesting without the pool. Hey lady, did you know I'm a Pokemon? Because I Pikachu while you sleep.
How do you make a German shepherd? Put him in a synagogue. What do you call someone whose GPA is greater than the number of inches their dick is? Asian
Once you go black you'll sit in the back parents, think twice before dressing your child as Cecil the Lion this year. my son will be dressed as a dentist, and I gave him a real gun
Job openings. A female HR calls a guy: Lady: Sir, I have two openings. Man: Yes, I know. The lady hangs up. Remember when you were a kid and you used to blow bubbles? He said hi...
A grasshopper walks into a bar... and the bartender gets excited. The bartender says, "Hey, we've got a drink named after you!" The grasshopper replies, "You've got a drink named Greg?" Me: "If only the man upstairs could have blessed you with brains as well as beauty." Wife: "Why the hell is there a man upstairs?"
How come Justin Bieber doesn't like to shop at Sports Authority? Because he likes Dick's. So my lesbian neighbours asked me what I wanted for my birthday... They got me a Rolex. I guess they misunderstood when I said "I wanna watch".
Who decided to call it an English to French dictionary and not a Two - Deux list? What did the boy say when he had trouble using glue? I'm stuck.
What is the scientific measurement for moistness? Digits... What sport are Mexicans best at? Cross country.
What does your mom and my fantasy football team have in common? As soon as I put money on them, they suck. Lately I go to the restroom at the movies, but forget where I'm seated then return & just begin a new life in a new seat with a new family.
I dont have sex on the first date unless it's an option Swallow it dammit, it's good for you  Your Pride
What's the difference between an Asian and a dumb white girl? The Asian try to get the A, but the white girl try to get the D They say Kurt Cobain had two blue eyes.... one blew on to the wall, the other blew through the window
Sure, we can be friends. I get to be Chandler. [back from the ultrasound] MOTHER-IN-LAW: So did you see the fetus? ME: Fetus, handus, legus...there was practically a whole baby in there!
Q: Why did the bank drive-up window teller have tire tread marks across the back of his grey suit? A: From crawling across the street when the sign said: "Don't Walk." Why didn't the tree like to play checkers? Because it was a chesnut tree.
Dentist: *Pokes gums with sharp pointy instrament of death* Dentist: "Your gums are bleeding because you don't floss." Sean Spicer getting very upset with the media for not reporting that Trump put up a 28/13/11 triple double against the Rockets yesterday.
What's the difference between a sigh a car and  a monkey? A sigh is oh dear. A car is too dear. A monkey is you  dear. Why did the black child cross the road? To get to the other side
Apparently organ donation has to be *your own* organ and this police officer has a lot of questions. Why was Simba's dad killed by the pride? Because he didn't mufasa.
Don't text and drive. Just pull over until you're done using your phone. That's what I do. I've been on the side of the road since 2011. It doesn't matter what kind of brain is attached. Good boobs is good boobs.
She was upset when I gave her 4 quarters rather than dollar... It has the same value. It doesn't make any cents. A dyslexic man walks into a bra. "Watch where you're going!" exclaims the woman. "Sorry, I'm dyslexic and I thought this was a bar, can I get you a drink?"
Yesterday I told my aunt that DTF means "Doing the Facebook". Her daily posts are much more entertaining now. When a grammar Nazi gets sad give them a hug and say "There, their, they're."
How many gay men does it take to screw in a light bulb? Only one, but it takes the entire emergency room to remove it. Does anybody want this last piece of rain forest?
What kind of bone will a dog never eat? A trombone! From Fargo Ep. 2 What has 100 balls and fuck rabbits A shotgun
When I was a kid my Fairy-Godmother asked me if I wanted a long penis or a long memory I can't remember what did I chose! I used to date an anaesthetist... She was a local girl. [credit to seeing this on QI]
Knock knock joke Knock knock Who's there? With. With who? With whom. What's the difference between a club and a strip club? A club has a beat that you can dance to, a strip club has a dance that you can beat to.
A german tourist. A german tourist arrives at Warsaw airport. The immigration office asks: 'Occupation?''. The german responds: 'No, just holiday'' What's the difference between redneck newlyweds and two variables in a dataset? The variables aren't necessarily related.
I pointed to two old drunks across the bar from us and told my mate "That'll be us in ten years...." He replied, "That's a mirror, you dick-head". How come oysters never donate to charity? They are all shellfish.
Black people Ash Wednesday doesn't have anything to do with. your dry cracked skin. If banks are so worried about people stealing their pens, they should just attach them to a Creed CD
Just give me a sec. I'm still waiting for IE8 to open a new tab. A blank tab. Waiting... Still waiting... There it is. I got so drunk last night I lost my glasses. The rest is a blur
How did Jared lose 150lbs? He kicked two 7-year-olds out of his bed. What did they say to the CEO who raise minimum wage to $70,000? Price is right!
What came first, the chicken or the egg? The rooster. [death row] Guard: Any last words? Me: [smugly] photosynthesis. Guard: ... Me: it sounded longer in my head.
How many Spanish people does it take to change a light bulb? Just Juan. What do you do if the lights in a Chinese food restaurant are too bright? Dim Sum.
Do you like dragons? Because I'ma be dragon my balls across your forehead. Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true.
My wife just dropped her keys & said "What's WRONG with me?" & I named 6 things before I realized it was a rhetorical question. Are you today's date? Cause you're a 10/10. (Friend told me this today)
-Boss: "Send me one of your funny tweets" -Me: "I'm working at the moment, I'll send you one later" -Boss: "Hahaha! Send me another one." I've never been in love but I imagine its similar to the feeling you get when you see your waiter arriving with your food.
If your nose runs and your feet smell... You might be upside down. Heard from "The Sopranos" What's the difference between a blimp and 1,000 blowjobs? One was a Good Year and one was a great year
The versatile gay actor wanted to be cast in both "A Christmas Carol" and "A Midsummer Nights Dream" So he could be both a Bottom and a Topper. "Knock knock." "Who's there?" "The pilot. Let me in"
Got a new roommate. She cleans my room, I clean hers. We are maid for each other. Did you hear about the new Obama Healthcare Burrito? You don't find out whats in it until you pass it...
I was at a gas station and I accidentally filled up my escort with diesel. She died. [drops son off for 1st day at daycare] "Ok, Mr Hughes, see you at 3 o'clock." "Not a chance. He's your problem now."
What's the Best Way To Embarrass A Psychic On Their Birthday? Throw Them A Surprise Party. I understand the face situation but you don't have to be ugly on the inside too
Neighbor may have just called the cops after hearing me yell at the cat for stealing my cheese bread Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac? He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog !
The most maddening part of your parents giving you annoying advice is that they're usually right. Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field
My friends think I should stop telling jokes because my punchlines are always shit. Shit. Life Pro Tip: Putting your phone in airplane mode will stop ads while you play.
Good Cop: Book 'em. Illiterate Cop: I'll just wait for the movie. (real news) Chinese archaeologists have discovered the country's oldest mathematics document, written on bamboo more than 2,200 years ago! Even more amazing - one of the answers is wrong.
What does a man with five dicks wear? Pants that fit like a glove. I just made your acquaintance, and this is preposterous, but here is my address, perhaps thou shall mail me maybe.
What do you call a french lesbian? A tresbien How do they practice safe sex in Scotland? They brand the sheep that kick.
Dark humor is a bit like food. Not everyone gets it. When I first met your mom, I fell in love with her because she had a kind face... The kind of face I want to fuck the shit out of!
Friday night plans *break into plastic surgeon's office *put goldfish in the silicone implants *sneak away undetected *giggle like a maniac How can I smile when 28% of Americans aren't getting enough fiber?
What do you call a cow that's had an abortion? Decaffeinated When going through TSA inspection at the airport, there's no telling how long it will take... ... All belts are off .
What do you call a blonde haired skeleton in the closet? Last year's Hide and Go seek champion. You know those orange cones they put on the highway for you to knock down? I just beat my high score last night!
The best thing I ever did was install a fake doorbell. Now no one ever knocks on my door. I had a Crazy Dream Wait for dreams to come up in conversation. I had a crazy dream last night. I drempt I was a muffler... and when i woke up I was exhausted.
My girlfriend wanted to have a talk about how childish i am But she didn't have the secret password to my pillow fort so she couldn't get in I just had a nice lunch in the park; homeless people don't have it so bad after all.
How can you tell it's a porno actor filling up his car at the next pump? Just before he gets to twenty bucks he pulls out the nozzle and shoots it all over the trunk. Have you heard about the new supersensitive condoms? They hang around after the man leaves and talk to the woman.
A laptop made in the United States is a portable device. A laptop made in Mexico is a deportable device. Bathroom mirrors are either the luckiest or the unluckiest objects in the house.
What's long and hard on a black guy His prison sentence I hope this hasn't been said before, I half came up with this all by my lonesome What do you call it when a story has a recurring train theme? A Loco Motif
Why did the plane crash into the ocean? The pilot was a loaf of bread A good way to keep a secret from me is to leave it on my voicemail
How do most elderly golfers die? They have a bad stroke Did you hear about the opera singing monk? He took a vow of Pavarotti.
Why do bears' mouths water whenever they look at Trump? Because they think that thing on his head (his hair) is an animal and they want to eat it. What do you call a piece of sandpaper in Syria? A map.
I would give 10 to most jokes here On a pH scale, cause most of them are just Basic. Be the reason they create new laws.
I wonder what song The Little Mermaid was singing when she viciously ripped a clam in half to make that cute bikini top I like the sound of you not talking.
Does anyone know where Engagement, Ohio is? About halfway between Dayton and Marion I haven't fapped for seven days... ... because that would be too long.
What did the spider say when he broke his new  web ? Darn it ! Hubs: If you could sleep with... Me: THOR!!! Hubs: ...the fan off tonight, that'd be great. Me: Ohhhh...
I'd make a joke about Jonestown... But the punch line is too long. Now that Gay Marriage is legal in all states I can finally get married as a solid, liquid, or gas.
Q: What does an Irishman have for dinner? A: Starvation. Q: And what does he have for dessert? A: Ethnic cleansing. Vermont's 4 seasons Vermont has 5 seasons: Almost winter Winter Still winter Mud season Road construction
Why do black's have white skin on the bottom of their feet and the palm of their hands? Everyone needs a little bit of good inside them. Man, 2016 really has killed everybody: In November alone we lost Leonard Cohen, Florence Henderson... ...and America.
Why did the crew abandon the chili pepper boat? It was capsaicin. ^(Don't hurt me.) Macho Law prohibits me from admitting I'm wrong.
My ex got engaged at Christmas but apparently responding to the news with "LOL" is "a representation of everything that is wrong with me." April showers bring may flowers What do may flowers bring? Pilgrims. What do Pilgrims bring? Smallpox
Who needs whips and chains? Christian should have had Ana read Fifty Shades of Grey if he wanted to torture her. My dog and I have two things in common: We like burying our bones in other peoples backyards and fleas :-(
What was the best time in history for the Italians? The Marin-era Mom: Fred there were two chocolate cakes in the  larder yesterday and now there's only one. Why? Fred: I don't know. It must have been so dark I didn't see the other one.
We could make the world much greener this #earthday if we simply banned red and blue China has blocked Twitter. Now 1.3 billion people will have no idea what I'm having for lunch.
How do you get a Jewish girls number? Roll up her sleeve. I used to be poor. Then I bought a thesaurus, and now I'm impecunious.
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver? A bad golfer goes *whack* "damn" and a bad skydiver goes "damn" *whack* I ran my car into a pole The poor bastard never saw me coming
*adds resume embellisher to resume* Whats the hardest part about watching Amy Schumer swim through a pool of dead babies? Knowing she will make a shitty vagina joke about it.
Please do not return empty candy wrappers to the dish. It leads to false expectations and uncontrollable rage. What do you call a lawyer up to his neck in cement? Not enough cement EDIT: Okay thanks for pointing out that I messed up the wording but the joke is supposed to be the funny part
I've just found a Christmas present for my daughter in the loft. I'll take it up to her later. I lost my kidneys when I turned 18 My knees are 100% adult now!
If you had sex 365 times in one year and melted the rubbers down to make a tire, what would you call it? A fucking Goodyear! ! ! How are ISIS like Little Miss Muffet? Because they've got Kurds in their way.
Wait you *must* be the aunt I've heard soooo much about. The one who looks like Freddie Mercury and laughs like a jackal. Is this her honey? I've never enjoyed my surprise birthday parties because all I can think about is how good my friends are at lying to my face.
How do you keep a vegan from eating all your dairy? Invite two of them. Spoiler Alert I just watched Fast and Furious the other day, and I just couldn't get into it because there were too many spoilers.
Fun prank idea: Take your friend's fiancee to lunch and say things that give her doubts about the relationship. Women are like condoms They spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
No, I'm not damaging my liver. I'm about to sterilize it using alcohol. Dammit Dad Dad: "Whaddya got there, son?" Son: "Soy milk." Dad: -pauses- "Hola milk, soy tu padre."
When cannibals ate a missionary, they got a taste of religion. Why did AT&amp;T have the worst wedding? No reception.
Why did the computer say Hello? Because it was A Dell What do you call it when a doctor gives up halfway through an abortion? A portion.
asked my dentist out but she brushed me off, said she only dates plaque guys Not gonna paste any more time on that cavitease, it's her floss How did my operation go Doc? Dr ; What? Dr ; Omg I've only got half a colon?
How many ears does Captain Kirk have? Three: A left ear, a right ear, and a final front ear. What do you get when you have sex with an STD infested mentally challenged person? The slow clap
A dung beetle walks into a bar And asks the bartender, "Is this stool taken?" Christopher Walken does one of the top seven Christopher Walken impressions I've ever heard.
I decided when I turn 21 I'm only going to smoke cigarettes when I drink Guess I'm going to be an alcoholic Had a trip to the Docs I went to the doctors with hearing problems. He said "Can u describe the symptoms?" I said "Homers a fat bloke and Marge has blue hair"
How the does man give his dead batteries away? Free of charge, of course. Apple will start making Macs in America. In related news, Macs will now cost 3 billion dollars. #SOTU
What do 50 cent hot dogs have in common with lumber? Two buy four. Why did Sean Connery say he quit his mall Santa job? I got tired of all the kids asking to shit on my lap.
Why did the egg get a ticket from a lady police officer? Because he was picking up good vibrations. You make cool foam designs on top of your coffee? Well latte-da.
Apparently they've come out with low-fat communion wafers Yeah. They called it *I Can't Believe It's Not Jesus*. Sarah Jessica Parker's kid cannot start kindergarten today with all the other children due to a medical condition, he's a little hoarse.
I just went to jail for my wife's crime. She's Chinese, which I guess makes me guilty by associasian. Why did the Mexican take Xanax? To stop hispanic attacks
Dad Joke Survivors A nickelodeon presentation. What do you call the pirate with the second largest penis? Long John Silver First of my original jokes to actually make my girlfriend chuckle.
If an indoor shooting range is burning, what does one scream to inform them? Woman next to me at coffee shop just asked a guy who's farther away to watch her computer for a sec. Devastated.
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb? They don't. They just beat up the room for being dark and arrest the light for being broke. Just a typical interview "What's your greatest weakness?" "Honesty." "I don't really think that's a weakness." "I don't give a fuck what you think."
Ref:I'm sending you off Player: What for ? Ref: The rest of the match ! They say you are what you eat... That's why I'm a good person
If I were any more hungry right now, Brad and Angelina would adopt me :( I went to the zoo the other day, there was a dog there. It was a shitzu
What do you call a guy with no arms, no legs, and sits in a pile of leaves? Russell. How to serve someone a summons to court 1) Knock on their door 2) Holding a really big check for $1,000,000 3) With a "camera crew" 4) Verify person's name 5) JK you've been served.
Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth Then it just becomes a soap opera. "I'm here for the hookers and the booze!!!" "Sir, this is a library." *whispers... "I'm here for the hookers and the booze."
Jehovah's Witness I was just wondering...........if a Jehovah's Witness dies and goes to heaven and knocks on heaven's door..... does Saint Peter answer the door or does he hide like the rest of us??? Have you ever eat a clock? Its very time consuming.
TIFU by eating a U-Boat. Whoops, wrong sub. Just asking for a friend, if one of your testicles drooped more than the other would you see a doctor?
A pilots plane is shot down When he parachutes out, he is taken to a pow camp. He is later asked "What did you have on the wings of your plane?" "Holes mostly..." What is more funny than a penguin sliding down a hill? The penguin who pushed him!
If you wake up on Christmas morning with a bad taste in your mouth Remember, Santa only comes around once a year to empty his sack. Wait a second, so violence is an actual resort? That place sounds wonderful.
Doctor Doctor I need something to keep my falling hair in What about a matchbox! Godzilla is a Japanese rendition of Chuck Norris' first visit to Tokyo.
An in-depth test to see if you know how to avoid Clickbait Apparently not! What did the magician's girlfriend say to the magician? I can't see you anymore.
What's the difference between God and Donald Trump? God doesn't think he's Donald Trump Cop1: Has becoming a father affected your work Cop2: Not a bit Cop1: Ok cover me, I'm going in Cop2: HI GOING IN I'M DAD [both get shot]
While I was very disappointed & angry to find my daughter smoking a cigarette I'll be damned if she didn't look cooler. Did you know that your local graveyard doesn't allow anyone who lives where you are to be buried there.... ....As they need to be dead first
The life expectancy of reindeer is 8-10 years. We can stop singing about Rudolph now. "Wanna go camping?" "No thanks, I have a house."
My comedian alias would be The Carcinogin My jokes give people cancer Why is a hemiola unfair? Because it's three against two.
use words like 'perpendicular' when you language at people so they think you is good with vocabularying Donald Trump, candidate for President, reaffirmed for America that we shouldn't worry about the size of his genitals. Now that's classy... With a capital KKK.
Since we're talking about Michael Jackson--- What did the guy say to MJ at the beach? Get out of my son. I bet kangaroos get tired of holding all of their friend's keys and cell phones while they're at the beach.
JOB REQUIREMENTS: Must have a college degree. Must have 5 years experience. Must have volunteered as tribute and won the 74th Hunger Games. Hi! This is my first time in a Fitness Center. How do I start? Personal Trainer: By putting down that Pizza slice!
With so many unhappy married couples and a 50% divorce rate, I think it's pretty obvious that Americans don't breed well in captivity. So I was at the bar last night.. and the waitress screamed..."Anyone know CPR?!" I said, "Hell, I know the entire alphabet!" Everyone laughed...except this *one* guy.
"What would Jesus do?" is an unfair question. He had superpowers. Your lifeboat is sinking. WWJD? Well, he'd get out and walk to shore. See? I just bumped into my old headmistress who said how weird it is to see me all grown up now. Surely it would be weirder if I was still 9.
I broke up with my girlfriend on a ski trip Our relationship was going downhill. I dont think anyone flushed the toilet because i dont need to hear all of your shit
I'll never read pride &amp; prejudice I'm way to good to get into a book that probably goes all preachy on me Britain will be just fine... you always lose a few Pounds after a breakup.
The 3 second rule for food dropped on the ground does not work.. if you have a 2 second dog Why did the man quit his job at the helium gas factory? He didn't like being spoken to in that voice
The flight attendant keeps saying "Please stop asking for peanuts. Busses don't have flight attendants." *yawns so wide a bird flies into mouth* *closes mouth* *looks around to see if anyone noticed* *swallows bird* *acts like nothing happened*
I'm the girl who shows up at a Halloween party where everyone is dressed as something sexy and I'm dressed as a bean bag. Why is Nixon a bad chef? Because he is not a cook.
Ok you with pneumonia, go sit between the perfectly healthy lady and the guy with the blood shooting out of his leg and wait. -hospitals When my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people......
Anytime a religious organization follows me I just assume I'm being used as a case study/example and they are praying super hard. My special power is reading about a disease and developing all the related symptoms within an hour.
Sometimes I wonder if I need to spell it out to people.. But then I realised I typed it, so I already did spell it out. I think my children are spoiled I must have left them unrefrigerated for too long before eating them.
We just got a donkey He's a real Jackass How many dead whores does it take to change a light bulb? More than three, I still can't reach it.
And YOU get a vegetable pod! And YOU get a vegetable pod! And YOU get a vegetable pod! And YOU get a vegetable pod! ~ The Okra Show I can't look my former prostitute partner in the face since someone e-mailed me pics of her in the old days. Never look giffed whores in the mouth.
Im eating out this old lady... Im eating out this old lady and i start to taste horse seamen, at that moment i think, " oh grandma, thats how you died" How do you save a drowning mouse ? Use mouse to mouse resuscitation !
I don't punish the dog for eating my unattended food because I do the same thing to other people ME: I'll have the chicken dinner. WAITER: Yes, sir. *throws corn on the floor* Here, chick chick chick. ME: *pecks at the ground* Excellent.
I hate it when I get my days mixed up and I accidentally take my stupid wife out instead of my girlfriend. The sex was so good that even the neighbors had a cigarette.
If Donald Trump becomes President, The rest of us should be able to just walk into any hospital & start working as doctors What's worse than nine eleven? 311
Not that anybody asked, but the Irresistible Force beats the Immovable Object  every time. Hey you with the Uggs, Michael Kors bag, iPhone, scarf and super excited voice.. *70 million white women turn around*
Your momma is so stupid that she thinks Moby Dick is a venereal disease. Kinda miss the Jane Austen era where a man is driven mad by a woman's hand being ungloved & yet oblivious to her heaving bosom falling out.
How does a mama pig put her piglets to sleep?  She reads them pig tales. Why did Microsoft go straight to Windows 10? Because 7 8 9
How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat? She can fit into your wife's clothes I don't want anti-wrinkle cream, I want a serum that bestows wrinkles upon my enemies.
I used to be a plastic surgeon Which raised a few eyebrows. [OC] Did you hear the one about the douchebag bodybuilder with the anal fissure? He's one ripped asshole.
A man walked into a bar. He should have been watching where we was going. What did the Gay techie say? I do queries.
What's worse than ants in your pants? Uncles Say no to shampoo. Demand real poo.
Why don't black people ever go on cruises? We're not falling for that one again! God: What's that? Noah: The aquarium God: For what? Noah: The fish God: Fish can survive floods Noah: *kicks llama* YOU SAID EVERY ANIMAL
"Go ahead, caller...." "Mom, you have to stop answering your phone that way." What did the magician say when he made his rabbit disappear? Hare today gone tomorrow.
Its national left-handers day I'm going to rub one out with my right hand to give lefty his day off They've finally renamed my gym "Skinny Guys with Giant Headphones Loudly Dropping Small Weights."
If you think my laughter is infectious, you should try having unprotected sex with me. "My anger began to flow through me like hot mountain sweat.." Um, don't you mean "Lava"? "...like warm hill pee"
"Can I touch it?" A little boy and a little girl are in the bathtub together. The little girl looks down at the boy and asks, "Can I touch it?" He answers, "No way -- you already broke yours off!" My favorite Kardashian is the one who dies first.
In our wedding, I'll invite his ex and be like "Still believe you can get him back?" What comes before OP? QWERTYUI
The first rule of relationships: You don't find out why someone was available until it's too late. I got a joke... your life
Why are pigs such early risers? Did you ever try to shut off a rooster? I just purchased duct tape at the Dollar Store to fix all of the other shit I bought at the Dollar Store. Life is going exactly as planned.
Why do anarchists smell so bad? Because they're *revolting* Accidentally made my Christian Mingle username 'Voldemort69' again
Why did the lizard go on a diet ? It weighed too much for its scales ! What do women and tornadoes have in common? They scream when they come and take the house when they leave.
How do you make a plumber cry? You kill his family. Thought I saw a fat guy doing a killer air harmonica but it turns out he was just sneezing over and over.
I made a huge mistake I took my girlfriend to Subway, when she got her six inch sub, she looked at me and she instantly knew that I've been lying to her for years. Yo mama head so small that she got her ear  pierced and died.
When asked what it was like getting over a Viagra addiction my buddy said,"Well my first few days were the hardest." A British wizard walks into a gay bar... ...and disappears with a poof
If you love someone let them go. If they come back they probly forgot their keys or something & yikes that's gonna be an awkward 30 seconds. What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler? Michael Phelps can finish a race.
Justin Bieber made a racist joke when he was 15. Quick, someone give him $2 billion for his basketball team to teach him a lesson. Pretty sure I know what my wife's getting me for my birthday cause when I guessed, "A 3-way?" she got all angry like I ruined the surprise.
I hate East German Cars I mean, the Trabant was a load of old pants. The Captain and Tennille are divorcing. Tennille left him after learning he was only a Petty Officer, Third Class.
Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Welcome to the jungle. Happy Birthday to you. - Christina Aguilera at a kid's birthday party. 4 is currently using scissors to whittle down a pencil. This will be a valuable skill if she ever goes to prison and needs to make a shank.
What is a Mexican's favorite Olympic event? Cross country Did you hear the one about the Viking who was reincarnated? He was Bjorn again.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear? denim denim denim What is Green...and Smells Like Pork? Kermit the Frog's Finger!!
You don't have to like me but at least base it on your own opinion, not someone Else's. God grant me the serenity to accept the things Facebook changes, the courage to change the settings I can, and the wisdom to know it won't make a difference.
If you come mow my lawn for me I promise to look out the window occasionally and give you a thumbs up. On Fridays, I always dress for what the weather is going to be at 3am when I drunkenly lock myself out of my apartment.
My kids are very optimistic. Every glass they leave sitting around the house is at least half full. I wonder who ate the first egg. Like who said, "I'm a eat the white ball that chicken just shit out."
What do you call an annoying black person? A nagger. Jokes from a college student. How to use green, yellow, and pink in a sentence? The phone goes green, green, green, I pink it up, and say yellow.
Yeah, did you hear about the really chatty snake gynecologist? Well, he was good at his job, but I just couldn't stand how he kept sticking his head in my business. Why did the Greeks want Helen back so bad? Are you kidding? She was the most beautiful woman in the world! Can you imagine what her sons would of looked like?
Two olives are pals, and they're hanging from the tree like they'vebeen for months. Suddenly, one falls to the ground. The remainingone says, "Are you ok?" And the other replies, "Olive!" Pirates used to wear eye patches because they had hooks for hands
Q: How many UPM's does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None! If you'd just make it a day exterior we wouldn't be screwing around with all these damn light bulbs!" I've written a book called, 'How Not To Get Conned Out Of Your Money'. It's available in all good bookshops priced 149.99.
I asked my mother if I could have some cloth to give to the nuns. She said, "Fine, just don't let it become a habit" What do you call a computer that can sing really well? A Dell.
My wallet is like an onion. When I open it.. it makes me cry. What does JCPenny and teenagers have in common? Pants 50% off
I'm wearing nike pants so you have to just do it... Do you ever get that creepy deja vu feeling? [credit](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2tc8bn/how_do_you_subtly_fuck_with_people/cny3ig0)
You made an imprint on my heart like a big butt on a memory foam mattress. Do you know how to disappoint a fellow redditor? [deleted]
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his soup before it was cool Some kid was being annoying so I hit him on the face with a baseball bat. He started crying and I didn't even bat an eye.
What are Mario's overalls made out of DENIM DENIM DENIM What's the favorite subject of young witches at  school? Spelling.
[speed dating] Me: Periods. Her: Huh? Me: Do they go inside the quotation mark or outside? Her: In the US or the UK? Me: Let's get married. Why type of lightning likes to play sports?  -Ball lightning
Who answers the Crime Stoppers Hotline? Stymied Coppers Ok everyone enough of your "family" time, come back to the internet. We are your real family.
Gonorrhea is the name of the medication used to treat diarrhea, right? If green gummy bears are strawberry flavored, what is the flavor of yellow gummy bears? PHLEGMon
When does a heterosexual man leave a gay bar? Straight away. Then: Me: I want McDonald's Mom: Do you have McDonald's money? Now: Mom: I want grandkids Me: Do you have grandkids money??
Being an ugly woman is like being a man... You're going to have to work. -Daniel Tosh The worst thing a woman can ask a man is "Guess what today is."
If you stop at a yellow light I'm going to assume you have something illegal in your car. I've been hearing a lot about mass murderers lately.... It must be a scary time to be catholic.
Netflix just announced it's raising the price and changing it's slogan to "One movie you wanna see and a thousand others you never heard of" Why don't they have sex ed and drivers ed on the same day in the middle east? There are never enough camels to go around.
"Mrs. Doubtfire" is my favorite movie about a messy custody battle that gives way to horribly illegal and creepy transgendered stalking. Men are from Mars. Women are from Venus. Mars has 2 moons. Venus has no moons. Do you see where I'm getting at? Men, GIVE BACK OUR MOON!
What do a coffee shop and a Japanese castle siege have in common? Baristas What is a tresspasser's least favorite number? The number 86. (No seriously. Google "86".)
TIFU by getting and STD from my Grandma she gave me hepatitis G "That goddamn janitor drew a dick on the chalkboard again!" (Bad Will Hunting.)
Hey girl, I've got a sex-Ed project due tomorrow... And I need a 69 to pass. How do you determine the sex of a chromosome? Pull down its genes
What do fat chicks and mopeds have in common? They're both alright for a ride until your mates find out! Why doesnt ray charles see his friends ? Because he is married .
Q: Did you hear that NASA recently put a bunch of Holsteins into low earth orbit? A: They called it the herd shot 'round the world. How is circumcision like the Great Jedi Purge? They both get rid of the force kin!
what does a son tell to his mother when he's leaving his house in India? Mumbai I tried bringing sexy back but the lady at Walmart assured me I didn't get it there.
People that type in all caps are... Capitalists. Teacher : Can't you retain anything in your  head overnight ? Pupil : Of course I've had this cold in my head for two days !
You wanna mess with me, pal? You wanna mess with the saddest man in town? I've got a whole crew of sad boys just waiting to burst into tears I've been cheating on you guys. Lately, I've been spending my time on my job and real life. They don't mean anything to me, I swear.
LAPD announced they fired a dozen officers this today... In other news, 12 cabins were burned to the ground in Big Bear. Out of? Mom (about her son): Look at these marks Jim has scored... 8.. 10... 7.. Dad: Out of? Mom: Out of pity!
I just started a new job at a factory that makes chess pieces. I'm on knights next week. Adam Sandler would have the most kills. His jokes are all dead
I asked a North Korean how was life in his country... He said he couldn't complain. The second best "asm" is "sarc."
My friend, Power, is always tired That's because his boss makes him work overtime. What do you call a cow that's just had a baby?  De-calfinated!
I post stuff in the wrong sub-reddits. AMA wait... FUCK Did you hear about the kidnapping at the elementary school? It's ok now, he woke up.
Go Pats! (I mean people named Pat. Can't be easy for them.) The blonde and the calculator Q: Why couldn't the blonde add 10 and seven on a calculator? A: She couldn't find the 10 key.
My dad's favorite joke for some reason... What's black, white, red, and can't turn around in an elevator? ... A nun with a javelin through her head. Please end the Jew jokes. I had a relative that died in a concentration camp. Poor bastard fell right out of the guard tower.
I asked Roy Hodgson if he would consider 4-4-2 next week. He said, "No, we'll probably go 7-4-7  it's wider and offers more leg room." Feeding your cat a vegan diet is actually pretty easy. The trick is to cut up the vegans in to very small chunks first.
Today I saw a little boy wearing rags sitting on a curb I said, "Awww, are you an orphan"? He said, "Yes, what gave me away?" I said, "Your parents." What was the name of the knight who sat all the way around the Round Table? Sir Cumference.
A freind of mine just started his own business in Afghanistan. He's making land-mines that look like prayer mats. It's doing well. He says prophets are going through the roof. [scale says I've gained 5 pounds] Me: It's probably just what I'm wearing. Wife: You're naked. Me: Wife: Me: It's a heavy deodorant.
What do white supremacists drink at their rallies? White Powerade My therapist told me cats are not babys, so i let my let my baby shit in his office.
What happened to the octopus in the football game? He had tentackles. [gf falls asleep during a movie] ME: aw [i get a blanket] ME: *hitting her w/ the blanket* wake up ur missing the part with gollum's riddles
[At the Rumble] her *aggressively taking off earrings and heels* me *desperately trying to find somewhere to set down my ice cream cone* "Why was the Amish girl excommunicated ? Too Mennonite." - Hitchens
Chuck Norris needs a monkeywrench and a blowtorch to masturbate. What happened when the butcher backed up into his meat grinder? He got a little behind in his work.
It's always I before E Except when you run a feisty heist on a weird beige foreign neighbor. I'm in favour of same sex marriage That's mainly because I've been having the same sex with my wife for the past 20 years
Teacher: What is the value of Pi? Student: Depending on what pie. Usually is $12.99 Way into "Game of Thrones". Are there any shows that are games of other kinds of chairs?
What do you call a blind dinosaur? An Idontthinkhesaurus. A termite walks into a bar and asks "Where is the bar tender?"
Why couldn't Spongebob get a mortgage? Because his house was underwater. Hey babies, I can do 12 push-ups. Impressed? Doap. Typo, meant babes. Impressed? No? Oh. Well then. Impressed babies?
Jehovah's witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their doors. Get the sand out your vagina. if you loose a player match and don't want your rematch bcuz your too pussy, why still try and talk shit xD.
Boss: Tell me a joke Me: I am busy Boss: Good one!! Tell me another Last night my friend Gavin overdosed on heart burn medicine...... I can't believe Gaviscon.
You all know why Hurricane Matthews is so bad Well unlike Katrina its a guy Invention: When your heart stops beating, your smartphone and laptop instantaneously explode. PATENT PENDING!!
My jokes are like hot chicks Hard to get, and when you do they are not anywhere near as good as you thought they would be What do you call someone incapable of eating people? A can't-ibal
Someone said you sound like an owl. Who? Did you hear about the half-assed hitman? He assinated his targets.
I like my women like I like my milk... White, with 2% fat. Did you hear about the blonde who put  "Sagittarius" at the bottom of application forms where it said "Sign  Here".
a priest and a rabbi are sitting on a park bench... the priest sees some kids playing nearby. he leans over to the rabbi points and says "how about we screw them" the rabbi says "out of what?" Why are European cars the lightest? because there's no Americans sitting in them.
I'm always two drinks away from digging up my backyard to look for dinosaur bones Women with large breasts are generally more successful than men with large breasts.
Parenting is basically telling your kids they need to eat more fruit then telling them to quit eating all the fruit. Wine doesn't have many vitamins. That's why you have to drink a lot of it.
Sometimes you run into people who totally change your life for the better. Bartenders.. Those people are called bartenders I seriously thought the slang phrase 'This place is 'crackalackin!', actually meant 'This place is lacking white people'.
It's been raining so much, I have begun the construction on my Ark. If you need any help I Noah guy. I have an intense fear of hiccups Luckily, I only ever have one.
Why didn't Hitler drink tequila? Because it made him mean. Kanye's acceptance speech on the VMA's
What is the difference between Jam and Jelly? I can't jelly my dick down your throat. Native Americans are all pissed that we took their land when they were here first... ..but we made reservations.
Knock Knock Who's there ! Aaron ! Aaron who ! Aaron the barber's floor ! A horse-drawn carriage sounds really romantic until you realize horses can't even hold a pen and the carriage just looks like a scribble.
What do you call 40 mexicans standing in your yard holding hands? Spicket fence. So Jack helps you off the horse. Will you help Jack off the horse?
Talking to women is a lot like origami. I don't know where to start and I always end up screaming. They say don't go to a grocery store when you're hungry But I ran out of food a week ago
UGH now I just painted an amazing picture but accidentally painted a thumb in the corner Why did Anakin Skywalker cross the road? To get to the dark side...
Whoever stole my dildo can go fuck themselves. What did Adam say the day before Christmas? It's Christmas, Eve!
Young guy goes in for his annual physical Doctor says: You have to stop masturbating Young man: What?! Why?? Doctor: Because I'm trying to examine you! What did the hummingbird do to his girlfriend? He nectar!
[doing standup] So I live in Kansas [hysterical laughter] That...that wasn't the joke What do you call a black pilot? You call him a pilot! you racist!
So Bill Cosby and Darren Sharper walked into the bar... I would tell you what happened next but for some reason I can't remember a thing from that night. What do you call a cow with no sense of humor ? A feminist
Gordon Ramsey... Who was the first five star cook in ancient Egypt? Pharoh Godron Ramses! Who is his favorite god? Its fuckin Ra! For everyone who's looking, here's a handy list of all the reasons to vote for Donald Trump: There aren't any.
[LPT request] how to wake up from a bad dream. Wait. What do you mean he's really president? Looking for a friend with benefits. Preferably dental.
"I wish I could answer phone calls with my Walkman." -Steve Jobs in the 80's implant permanent instagram filters on the cornea of my eyes so everything I see looks nostalgic and vintage
What do a plumber and a walrus both enjoy? A nice tight seal All my tattoos pretty much mean the same thing. I had money to blow.
What do you call a group of rabbits walking backward? A receding hareline. Will you date me? breathe if yes, swim across the atlantic ocean while reciting the bible in japanese if no
What do you call a man with no body and just a nose? Nobody nose. What Do You Call a Girl Who Doesn't Do Kegels? A lazy cunt!
Snow Ain't the problem Isis It may seem like I have my shit together, but honestly I just learned how to spell February correctly.
Do you wanna here something ironic?? Iron Man is a Fe-male! If you tickle a billionaire, will he trickle himself?
Why did Helen Keller's dog run away? You would too if your name was "adkwodrtrgfvnfif" I had a masturbation addiction. I beat it.
I've got a pretty big role coming up It's a cinnamon roll. Why do the people in front of me at the ATM always seems to be having some sort of damn major financial crisis?
The problem with dieting is food. Just found out my wife has cooties. I'm headed to the clinic to get tested. So many emotions right now"
My ex-girlfriend told me nothing shocks her anymore so I switched her digital scale from Lbs to Kg. I will let someone cut the line I'm waiting in, but only if they let me braid their hair from behind.
Man, I sure am mad about the rising bullet prices... Now I get less bang for my buck! What do you call a white slave? Whipped cream.
I'm on a seefood diet I see food and I eat it. What is moist, smells great, and is for dinner tonight? My poop
I returned from court to see 'Welcome home dad' hanging over the foyer.. It was a suspended sentence How much does a midget stripper with three kids get paid? Mini-mom wage.
Like a true gentlemen, I always put women and children first. I hate walking into spiderwebs... My friend Stephen misheard me when I invited him to this CrossFit gym. He's going to have a hell of a time running in stilettos.
[Self-Checkout] ME: also I ate a donut in the store MACHINE: Place the item on the belt ME: I can't because I ate it MACHINE: Place the How do you get an 80 year-old woman to swear? How do you get an 80 year-old woman to yell "F*ck"? You get another 80 year-old woman next to her to yell "BINGO"
What starts with 'D' and has two letters in it? w How do you get to the front page of reddit ? Lack of originality
What is long, hard and leaves a warm, white, sticky substance in your mouth? Toothbrush. What's Thom Yorke's reddit? /u/KarmaPuhlease
Why did the snowman have a smile on his face? Because the snowblower was coming down the block. My father's kids won't get this... ...love.
2 black eyes What do you tell a woman with 2 black eyes? Nothing, I already told her twice. A guy walks into a bar with a gun and shouts "Which one of you fuckers is reposting jokes on r/jokes?" A voice from the back called out "I don't think you have enough bullets m8."
Of course you don't know 'our song.' You didn't know we were even dating, silly. Or that the girl you had lunch with is in my trunk. my career as a Walmart greeter was cut short when the manager noticed me singing "Welcome to the Jungle" to every customer
What did the Wife-DNA say to the Husband-DNA? Do these genes make me look fat? My wife walked in on me last night and shouted, "What the hell are you doing with that ivory and gold dress?" I said, "It's not what it looks like!"
Maybe every nation has ninjas And the Japanese ninjas are just the worst The Reds are going to The Series this year.
Taking a nap until my carbon monoxide detector stops beeping. "It goes from zero to sixty in 5 seconds." "Great. And exactly how much cocaine can I fit in the glove box?" - Anyone buying a white BMW
What's the worst part about eating 69 oysters out of your grandma? Finding out she already posted this joke on Reddit. Why did the cardiologist bake a cake with partially hydrogenated oil? Because he took the hypocritic oath
Honey I won the Lottery. Overly exuberant husband came home. "Honey pack your bags I just won the lottery!" Wife; "Where are we going?". Husband; "We are not going anywhere - get the fuck out!" Why did the bubblegum cross the road? It was stuck to the chicken's legs.
My friend's dog died the other day so I surprised her by going out and getting her an identical dog. She was furious, she said "what am I supposed to do with two dead dogs?" Whats Donald Trumps favorite album? The Wall
I was playing Words with Fiends I scored 50 points for using all my runes, but summoned Pazuzu. Pappu:- Should i punished for the work which I have not done?? Teacher: - No of course not, but why do you ask? Pappu: - Because, I have not done my home work.... :) :)
People really hate my cheesy puns... but I'm quite fondue of them. What did grandma say to grandpa while in bed? Keep it up!
What does an accountant use for birth  control? His personality. What do you call an ugly dinosaur? An Isaurus Rex
In my 4th grade class the cutest girl threw away my love letter.. ..so I failed her! Q: What do birds give out on Halloween? A: Tweets.
When I was young I used to poke holes in my parent's condoms so that there could be someone else to do the dishes. What do you call a rooster with erectile dysfunction? Boneless chicken.
A guy came up to me in the gym. "How the hell did you get a body like that?" he asked. "Thanks," I said, "That's very flattering." He said, "Not really mate." Seize the day. Attack the week. Murder the month. Approach your life in a generally violent way.
Did you know that yeast cells are incestuous? They're in-bread. My father once told me, "Son, you're not an African't American, You're an African American't." Just kidding. I'm black. I don't have a father.
What do you call a chicken looking at lettuce? Chicken caesar salad 9 guys walk into a gay bar... They don't come out.
Everyone needs that one friend that will promise to redraw your chalk outline to make you look skinnier. A Priest, a rapist and a pedophile walk into a bar... he orders a drink.
TRIVIA TIME: What flavor shake did Marty McFly get in the diner during the first Back To the Future movie? Parkinson's. I now have an EpiPen. My friend gave it to me as he was dying. It seemed very important to him that I have it.
If you are single don't worry. Someone will come around shortly to totally fcuk that up. Siri, answer all of my toddler's stupid questions.
*trying to awkwardly start a conversation with my barber* I ALSO like scissors. A guy got a hundred dollar bill tattooed on his dick... Now he can play with his money, watch it grow, and you can't find a girl who can't blow a hundred dollars.
Why did the chicken cross the basketball court ? He heard the ref was blowing fouls This total stranger wanted to have a spontaneous tickle fight on the street and...oh...nope, never mind I'm being robbed. Guys I'm being rob
Why don't lawyers have sex with their clients? To prevent double billing. [Job interview] "What would you say is your greatest strength?" "Sticking my fingers in people's mouths." "Arhghv-um-hirv-ok-hrbsj-hired"
The only reason I watch political speeches is cause I'm hoping there's gonna be a sniper. Apparently the unbuttoning of a shirt and letting your hair down for a cop only works for women.
I don't like cocaine I only like the smell. Men with itchy butts Have smelly fingers
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 cent featuring nickelback What do American beer and sex on a boat have in common? Both are fucking close to water.
Why should transgender people get separate bathrooms? There's already handicapped stalls. On November 9th... Me: "I guess President Hillary Clinton is with VP Tim Kaine now. And both feeling pretty high. You could say she's ....co-Kaine! Hahah!" Wife: "Trump won." Me: "Shit..."
What does a Jew with an erection get when he walks into a wall? A broken nose. what did Obama say to Trump? show me your schlong form birth certificate
Just told a guy talking on his phone in the library to shut the fuck up Everyone applauded me, so I told them to shut the fuck up, too. I think there's a better word for underwear... ... Butt hat's none of my business.
Why did Leonardo DiCaprio laugh at the Oscar joke? Because he finally got it! What's yellow and can't swim A bus full of children
what do you call a cow with no legs ground beef Doctors recommend that you drink 8 glasses of water a day and don't fall out of a helicopter
Trump won't drop out I wonder how that makes Republicans feel, being forced to carry something ***to term*** What do you call lying furniture? Untrustable
What did the Russian people light their houses with before they started using candles? Electricity. What's the difference between an apple and a baby? I don't cum on an apple before i eat it.
They say 9 or 10 is a good age to tell your kid they were adopted, but only IF they were adopted. You guys, my mom wants to know if any of you are going to give her grandchildren.
*Slowly breaks up with you, word by word, during a game of Scrabble. Welcome to kleptomaniac club. I see you already took a brochure.
After the machine uprising, robots in the club will dance "The Human" by compulsively overeating and playing with their phones on the toilet What's Hitler's favorite videogame? Mein Kraft.
What did the mother say to the pedophile at the beach? "Get out of my sun!" "You have a BA? Ooooh! Look at you! Well, I have a BA, an MA, & a PhD." - 3rd degree burn
What is the rapper's favorite bread? 2 Grainz Black people, want to piss white people off? Open a restaurant. And don't serve coffee or brunch.
I wonder how many hobbies you have to suck at before you take up bird watching. Make love not war... Or do both - get married.
Her: You know I love it when you pull my hair... Me: Yes, baby Her: But the other people at this PTA meeting are beginning to stare. What's another name for a boxy plow pulling baby maker? A Mexican. Make America great again! Vote the Donald!
I'm not superstitious, I'm just a bit stitious. Damn girl, are you my cable remote? Because you are weirdly designed and very confusing, and does this row of buttons even do anything?
What do you get when you have Tiger Woods, Stephen Hawking, and Dwayne Johnson in the same room? An Animal, a Vegetable, and a Mineral. How many drummers does it take to screw in a light bulb? Four. One to screw in the light bulb and three to talk about how Neil Peart could've done it better.
I call my genitalia the Severance Package... After its seen it usually ends relationships. What do you call a fat, smelly hermaphodite who gives blow jobs under the bridge for a nickel? Well, YOU call her mom.
sighs "always the predator, never the prey..." As you take another breath, someone takes their last. Stop complaining; appreciate life.
Why is Santa's sack so full? Because he only comes once a year. Why type of nut do Wallflowers like? Walnuts
What did the overweight woman say to Buffalo Bill when she woke up? I can't feel my face when I'm with you... "I'm old." -everyone over the age of 18
What do Pentecostals and Nudists have in common? Neither can wear pants A man walks into a bar. Ouch.
I got caught making out with my cousin once - mum and dad went mental. In my defence we were just kids, and there was an awful lot of alcohol at her funeral. When people ask how I got the latest movies on my computer.. I respond by telling them my lovely bay with hella booty gives them to me.arggg
If steroids are illegal for athletes, then Photoshop should be illegal for models How does procrastination start? I'll tell you tomorrow.
How much do pirates pay to get an earring? A Buccaneer. It turns out the only way to get my kids to flush the toilet is for me to be showering when they use it.
[running amok in flames] WHY ARE INFLAMMABLE THINGS FLAMMABLE!? My "Pi" tattoo is taking longer than I thought
A baby seal walks into a club Real women have curves!!! Real women have spirals!!! Real women are plump and covered in a creamy sauce wait nope thinkin of pasta
My Welsh mate was found dead yesterday. He died the way he would have wanted to go... He passed away peacefully in his sheep Why do porn scenes use condoms during intercourse, but not during the blowjob and climax? So they can see it coming
I saw a guy holding a TV I was walking down the street, when I saw a black guy holding a TV. I thought "holy shit, is that mine?" I went home to check. But nah, mine was at home polishing my shoes. "Omelet you finish," -Kanyegg West
When man made the first stone tool 2.6 million years ago, I don't think they could have ever imagined a tool as great as Donald Trump. So a guy calls into work and says, "I can't come in today, I'm seeing spots." "Have you seen a doctor?" "No, just the spots."
How is the American public now like Socrates? By November, they will have both picked their poison. How does a paralympian call home, after winning a medal? handsfree
Swimming Is Good For You... Especially if you are drowning. When grammar nazis correct me, I start to make errors on purpose to mess with them. You can say I'm passive, aggressive.
Threesome So, I finally talked my wife into having a threesome... So she said the only condition is that she pick the other girl... So I told her no... I will pick both of them.. Why are sharts always a surprise? Because you can never see that shit coming.
Only works in German - What is the biggest monkey? - Giraffe! therapist: im glad u overcame ur fear of snakes and all but- me, with a snake: ur gonna say i shouldn't have married this snake aren't u
A coworker asked me if I would please quit loudly singing along with my Oasis mix tape this morning. I said maybe... I guess hookers are getting into the holiday spirit. I seen one today advertising pumpkin spice pussy.
Our culture is like a fungus. It's fucking disgusting but it grows on you. If H2O is inside a fire hydrant, what is outside? K9P.
Why did the washing machine stop? Somebody threw the towel in. How does the executioner like his coffee? Decap
As an american, I feel really sorry for the Canadians up north. I mean, how do they even live if their summer is 30 degrees? What do you say when you see two fetuses making out? "Oh get a womb"
What bird tastes just like butter ? A stork ! What does Pittsburgh have in common with Peter Pan? The Pirates always lose.
I think my bank is trying to get me to become a gymnast. They keep sending me letters about my outstanding balance. What do you call the man who proofread Hitler's speeches? The original grammar Nazi.
I tried to tell an Armenian genocide joke in Istanbul. Nobody got it. ME: [shouting upstairs] dinner's ready! 6YR OLD: what are we having? ME: you'll like it! trust me! 6: I ain't falling for that shit again
A man walks into a bar... He says "Ow" My cell phone is so nervous whenever I go to the countryside... ...it's constantly on EDGE.
Hey guys, look! Original content made it on to ifunny! My wife asked why I keep my guns in the library. I said it's for shelf-defense.
Having hearing problems? Turn down the volume on your porn. Problem solved! ignorance or apathy? I dont know and I dont care
Why don't you ever see three mexicans crossing the border at the same time? Because the signs say "No trespassing" A 13 yr old just told me I was cool for an old person. I almost slapped her then she said "you're like 23, right? I bought her ice cream.
Do you know what you call a nickle and a penny? The Sixth Cents I once dated someone with really smelly feet, the smell used to bring tears to my eyes... It was like someone was chopping bunions.
How many redditors are needed to screw a lightbulb? As much people as is needed to screw that lightbulb. I was watching the Cosmos, when Neil Degrasse Tyson related our genes are similar to ones in trees That means that all men have got wood in dem jeans.
Keep your friends close and your unattractive enemies closer so you look better by comparison in pictures. [breakfast in hell] STALIN: Toast is burnt POL POT: Eggs are rotten HITLER: I hate the juice STALIN: Oh here we go HITLER: I said JUICE
I wasn't going to follow you but that bible verse in your bio totally changed my mind. Use 'discount' in a sentence. Teacher: Johnny, please use "discount" in a sentence. Johnny: Yes ma'am, "Does discount as a sentence?"
Where do terrorists store their money? In the West Bank How many times can look at the sun with a telescope? You can do this twice. One time with you right eye and one with your left!
Say what you will about that pilot... ...but at least he died doing what German's love most. Mass murdering innocent people. I never understood why vets... aren't called dogtors.
What's the most dangerous animal in Africa? Black people. (Slightly Racist I know) Fewer US schools are selling candy, soda and chips to students After all, that stuff is horrible for pregnancies!
What do gay Asian men do in the bedroom? They Bangkok My girlfriend thinks that I'm a stalker... ...Well, she's not exactly my girlfriend yet.
"listen up, I'm only going to show you this once!" ~ suicide bomber teacher. Also, to all the people with egg avatars... have you thought about where you'll hide on Easter yet?
How is eating a girl out like being a member of the mafia? One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit! I just finished a whole stick chap stick without losing it or replacing it. In case any of you women want to know how faithful I am.
Worry: a waste of imagination. What's got four legs and one arm? A Rottweiler.
Why don't people like talking about herpes? It's a sore subject. I dream of a world where even lactose is tolerated by everyone.
Two topics which should never be in the same sentence "Zika" "Can I get a little head" Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Doc: Maam, due to the accident your daughter cant... Mom: Cant what?! D: She cant even. She literally cannot even. M: *single tear falls* I don't think Muslims go far enough in killing people who draw images of the prophet Mohammed. I think they should kill people who are named after him as well.
[in ambulance] "Can you describe the snake that bit you?" Yes it was like an angry rope what is kurt cobain's eye color Blue. One blue to left, one blue to the right.
Wanna hear a joke? Your life A dick has a sad life. His hair's a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his bestfriend's a pussy, and his owner beats him.
Hey online media: "Comfortability" isn't a word. The noun you're looking for is "comfort." And it doesn't need you to give it a fancy hat. How Do You Get an Elephant Out of the Fairway? You take the F out of Fair and the F out of Way
What's the difference between a girlfriend and a washing machine? A washing machine doesn't go apeshit and stalk me for years when I put a couple of loads in it. My mom keeps asking questions like 'When you gonna be famous?' I tell her, 'As soon as they find the bodies.'
Why did the Chicken cross road? With rice. I told my doctor i was scared and nervous when i got tested for HIV... He said 'Just calm down and try to think positive.'
When #EgyptAir announced "he's not a terrorist, just an idiot" My ex wife phoned to see if it was me. Two fish are in a tank one turns to the other and says "do you know how to drive this thing?"
I almost hit a deer tonight. But then he took back what he said about my mom and we hugged it out. Back to having zero haters, feels good. [dentist's full hand and wrist in my mouth, also his keys?] so u visited Spain u said? tell me. tell me every goddamn detail about Spain
Q: Why don't matches play baseball? A: One strike, and they're out. What's the difference between a lead guitarist and a terrorist? You can actually negotiate with a terrorist.
Why was the motorcycle going so slow? Because it was two tired! What did one fish say to another fish after Eve had her first bath? Great, now we smell like woman.
Describe myself in 4 words? Bad at counting. What did the judge do to the lawyer who insulted him? He got him diss barred.
My black friend told me to stop making racist jokes... ...I told him to lighten up. I usually prefer buffets to a la carte restaurants. Someone once asked me if I enjoyed Italian restaurants, and I said, I prefer Italiacan restaurants.
what do you call a sad ditch? a depression. Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
The rest of the world should fear our military. We have the most cutting edge technology 1954 had to offer. what is the hardest part about having a daughter in your early 20's? Fighting all of those physically fit teenagers when you're in your late 30's.
What do you get if you cross a telephone with a night crawler? Ringworm! Cat got your tongue? Frog in your throat? Monkey on your back? Butterflies in your stomach? You may be dead in a field.
Why did the University of Oklahoma researcher  stay awake every night? He was trying to find a cure for insomnia. Getting a neck tattoo is probably the coolest way to show your love for manual labour.
What is Irish and sits on the porch? Patty O'Furniture The nice thing about getting a pet lobster is that you can always threaten to eat it when your kid stops taking care of it.
When I was a kid I liked my Jack in the Box...But now I prefer my Jack in the Bottle. If someone dies from laced cocaine, does the coroner write "devastating blow" on the death certificate?
Why does the little mermaid where sea shells? 'Cause the B-shells were too small. eer booze and fun!' 'Remember an alcoholic & a drunk are not the same thing at all. The alcoholic has to attend meetings.
words are just a big scam. they all just mean other words. so you keep on using even more and more words. that's how they get you. what did the cannibal get when he showed up late to a dinner party A cold shoulder
I was so happy it only took me seven days to complete this puzzle! The box said it would take 2-4 years. Why Cant Girls Count To 70? .....Because 69 is a mouthful
Why is six afraid of seven? Seven made six confused. (NSWF) Whats funner than a dead baby A dead baby wearing a clown outfit
What's hairy dangerous and only surfs the  Net when there's a full moon? The www.erewolf. *pretty girl walks by and doesn't make eye contact* She must be intimidated that I manage a fantasy football team that is 8-1
Me: But where do you see this relationship in five years? Her: Sir! For the last time, do you want extra cheese or not? What do I have that FC Barcelona doesn't? A semi
How to make an idiot curious? I'll post the answer tomorrow. Morpheus: If you take the red pill, I will show you what the Matrix is. Neo: *ingests pill* Whoa. Morpheus: It's also a powerful laxative.
How embarrassing would it be if Facebook automatically updated statuses to what you where doing. "Billy is alone in his room." If God wanted me to mow my own lawn, He wouldn't have given me the ability to earn a postgraduate degree.
What do you call someone who won't get off your lawn? A grasshole. Have you ever eaten a salad, then had a chickpea on your face?
What's the difference between anal sex and regular sex? Regular sex can make your night, but anal sex can make your hole weak. [drive thru] GUY ON INTERCOM: can I help you ME: yeah are you guys open
Are you from Tennessee? Because your accent and appearance suggests that you hail from the southeast. The reason I love mushrooms Cause just like mushrooms... I'm a fun guy.
One old man was talking to another "Hows your incontinence?" "Depends." To catch a grandpa, you must THINK like a grandpa *eats butterscotch candy, clicks on obvious spam email*
I just bought a pair of glasses from Zenni Optical. 20/20 would buy again. If you haven't logged onto Facebook for awhile, Judy Ann Ross from 10th grade algebra is enjoying a chicken salad sandwich right now.
What is gray and comes in pints? An elephant! edit: maybe I should say what is gray and cums in pints? The platypus is what happens when you take a perfectly good concept and send it to network executives for notes.
Did you hear the one about the gay midget? He went up on a guy. Nobody Likes This. I want to make a Facebook account and the name will be Nobody so when I see stupid crap people post, I can Like it. And it will say Nobody Likes This.
I've been Nominated for Facebook's New Award, Most Funny/Best Posts in 2013!.......In other news I lost my job, my wife, car, and all contact with the outside World!!! I bought a 5 gallon drum of correction fluid the other day. Big mistake.
'I am your God, and now it is night!' I say as I turn the fish tank light off. How many Biebers does it take to change a light bulb? None. There are no light bulbs in the closet. Another one: Why is Justin Bieber so pale? Because there's no light inside the closet
What do you call a nut that eats other nuts? A pecan-nibal! Made this up at work while hungry. You've got to hand it to blind prostitutes.
A joke I tried to make about the difference between British and American government. (Bad language) One of our politicians fucked a pig's head All of your politicians are pig headed fuckers "Guess my nationality" the old man said Deducing from the man's accent that he was Briish, the other man said so. "You're correct, but where's the t?" asked the man. "In the harbor"
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta away! It's bad enough when the little voices in my head talk to me. But now they are texting.
Watched my first porno today... I looked much younger back then. What is the most popular cheese in "the Upside Down"? Demogorgonzola
"Please stop being mean" - Me 3 seconds in to a rap battle What do dyslexic zombies eat? Brians.
The local police station had their toilet stolen. The cops say they have nothing to go on. How can you tell if a black guy is well hung? You can't fit your finger between the noose and his neck.
What would you call ISIS after they've been eliminated? WASWAS. Valar morghulis the feminist extremists' motto.
If Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are on a boat together, and it sinks, who survives? America TIL ~10,000 people quit smoking every year By dying. I'll ^show ^^myself ^^^out
Sweetie, who is this bully stealing your pudding cup before school?!? "Mom, it's-" *dad makes throat slice gesture* "No one, Mom. No one" Why are stock traders so good at sex? Same principal, you gotta pull out at the right moment or it costs you.
Donald Trump is going to demand to see Hilary Clinton's birth certificate... to make sure she is a woman. What do you call a party of communists that haven't seen each other in years? Soviet Reunion Terrible and painful, I know.
Dark humor is like kids with cancer... Never gets old What's the difference between acne and a priest? Acne waits until you're 13 before it comes on your face.
911 What's your emergency Me: I'm calling to complain about the quality of this cocaine 911: The police are on their way Me: Thanks I told my girlfriend that I wanted to be cremated... I then told my family that I had no specific burial requests, just make sure that they don't have me cremated, no matter what.
Dammit I forgot my headphones and I'm at the airport wait here's some for 16 million dollars thank god. Ethics of the police
I was the second man on the moon Neil before me How many brits are needed to change a light bulb None they just terminate their apartment contract.
How do you communicate with a fish? You drop it a line! Conjecture: At some point in 2013, our neighbors will get so high that they accidentally sell their own weed. For weed money. To buy weed.
Pink Panther's TODO list 1. TODO 2. TODO 3. TODO TODO TODO TODO TODOOO Diary June 28 1954 So it turns out my weakness is kryptonite. I can't tell anybody this. June 30 1954 I accidentally told Lex. Should be ok
A boy goes to his parents to tell them something "Mom, Dad. I'm gay." His father then turns to him and says "Hi Gay, I'm 100 Dollars Richer!", while recieving money from the mom. I have a new job. I'm a dressing room attendant for dancers at a strip club. $300/week. That's not much, but it's all I can afford.
I used to be addicted to soap but I'm clean now. What's the difference between a fish and a mountain goat? Fish muck about in fountains...
Jesus tells Peter, "Come forth and you shall have eternal glory!" Peter came in fifth and won a toaster. So what do Islam and Subway Sandwich Shop have in common? A: They both had a pedophile spokesman. http://www.citizenliberty.com/2015/11/so-what-do-islam-and-subway-common.html
Ok, seriously men... You can't hear yourselves snoring, but the slightest crinkle of a chip bag, and you're suddenly wide awake?! Did you hear about that new species of mosquito? It's called the Nickelback, it really sucks.
Some say global warming is caused by an increase in greenhouse gases, but I know that's a cover up for the truth: too many hot local singles What spends a good 3 hours a day in my hand? *hint* it starts with P and ends with S. Pens! :D ... wait what were YOU THINKING?!?!?!
Him: Can you forgive me? *mental montage of me trying to figure out who this guy is* Me: Yes, but I'm really hurt so please give me time. It's so cold this morning I had to seperate my dogs poop into two seperate bags and use them as hand warmers.
I'm much better at organizing my thoughts on Reddit than I am IRL After all, most of my comments here just have the one point. What if Stephen Hawking is the real Slim Shady? But we'll never know, because he can't stand up?
Whats the difference between a Rolling Stone and a Scottish man The Rolling Stone says, "Hey you, get off of my cloud." and the Scottish man says, "Hey McLeod get off of my ewe." if it's called morning wood for men then what is it for women.. Morning dew.
If an opinion is worth 2 cents, how many cents is an argument worth? It really just depends on how much cents it makes. Flight to Vegas...guy in front of me has a bouquet made up of dollar bills. Pro Tip: That stripper will never marry you bro.
Facebook does NOT ruin relationships. Relationships ruin Facebook make your life more efficient by cutting out the middle man. quit your job. kill your friends. throw your food directly into the toilet.
When I was 6 I got coal from Santa... The next year I decided to get back at him and poison the cookies. Somehow, the bastard found out and killed my dad Duck you AutoCorrect! You Blimb! I'm way more BadApps than you make me out to be! You Ducking piece of shed..BuckFace Toothless Bastilleday!
What do you call a horse with a broken leg? Worthless What is a polygon? A dead parrot.
did you know that the earth used to be 100% water? that was until yo momma got thirsty. How do you reheat a cold war? You nuke it.
How do you know if a joke is a dad joke? A dad joke has to reach father for a pun. Why shouldn't you let your kids run more than a mile? Because at the second mile they get raped.
Why was the cookie monster arrested for computer hacking??? He was in possession of all the "COOKIES" Hey parents with teenagers, the bottle of vodka in your liquor cabinet is water.
Why did the bowling pins stop working? They went on strike! How did a sexy but unqualified Japanese woman get voted into public office? Erections
Video Games made me do it. Rock n' Roll made me do it. Witches made me do it. Satan made me do it. - a short history of responsibility Whats the difference between a canoe and a jew? One tips the other doesn't.
Teacher and John Teacher: John. Give me a sentence beginning with "I". Paul: I is the... Teacher: No, John . You must say "I am" not "I is." John: All right. I am the ninth letter of the alphabet. What do you call a black guy in a museum? Antique farm equipment
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard and they're like "hey thanks" and I'm like "I'm just happy to be a part of this nice community" What's the difference between a Snowman and a Snowwoman? **SnowBalls!**
Teacher: Fill out the parent form. Me: Why? Teacher: So I can contact you if your kid gets in trouble. Me: *writing* Raised. By. Wolves. After today the rest of the world will get "FOUR MORE YEARS!" without having to hear about the US election.
"Be cool, it's the cops" I said to my 3 cats I dressed up like robbers as my other 3 cats came out of the kitchen dressed like policemen LPT: Never use hyperbole.
LPT: If someone brings in home baked goods to say goodbye after being let go, don't eat them. I used laxatives. Lubricant?? ... Lubri-CAN!!!
Guys, the USA is looking pretty bad... I think its time for USB. Whenever I walk into a crowded men's room, I shout So this is where all the dicks hang out!
If you say "gullible" very slow, it sounds like "butterflies" If you're American & I ever hear you use the word "whilst," this I swear: you will not live to see the 3rd season of Sherlock.
Parents yelling "I'm not going to ask you again" at their kids, will definitely be asking them again How can you tell if a groom is Polish? He would be the one with the clean bowling shirt.
5: Daddy whatcha doin'? Me: Cleaning my shot gun 5:Why? Me: Because one day a boy will like you 5:You mean like Ben? *racks the chamber* Barber: Were you wearing a red scarf when you came in? Customer: No. Barber: Oh dear! Then I must have cut your throat.
Two polacks are driving in a car The driver: Stick your head out the window and see if my directional is working. Is it on?" The passenger:" Uh yep. nope. yep. nope. yep. nope" Toucan: Albanians kidnap Liam Neesons bird
Bilbo wakes up suddenly to Don't Stop Believing. It was an unexpected Journey. [Coworker] Are you smiling at your stapler? No, just checking for spinach [Laughs nervously]. Oh, good. [Me, to stapler] Sorry baby I had to
A priest, a rabbi, and an atheist walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says "what is this a joke?" To err is human; to Air Bud is dog!!!!
What is the difference between a Windows Phone and a brick? One is a brick and the other is a brick with a screen Who's your dad's cousin's cousin's daughter to you? A potential Tinder date.
Why can't ewoks yell in the house? Because they have to use their Endor voices. did you hear about the psychic midget who escaped from prison? he is a small medium, at large
*E=mcHammer *when E is a constant variable that can't be touched mmmm This chocolate speaks my language. Or it would, if it weren't being eaten. So. I guess it's probably horrified-screaming my language.
So I finally got around to watching the Twin Tower attacks 9/11 would watch again. I was screwing this African woman last night, she kept yelling the N word It was really hard to concentrate with her screaming no the entire time
What did the rapper say when he couldn't find his pants? "Where my knickers at?" What is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? SNOWBALLS
So a redditor walked into a bar... Just kidding, they just sit on reddit and read these lame jokes. my glass eye is freaking you out? sorry I didn't real eyes.
Why are the police so corrupt? Because criminals keep turning themselves into the police. Does anyone else bring a bag of clever disguises to the grocery store in case there's a wine sampling booth that day?
A man goes to the library and asks the librarian for a book on suicide, the librarian turns around and says "fuck you, you wont bring it back" What's the difference between a vacuum cleaner and a Harley Davidson? The vacuum has the dirtbag on the inside.
Regular naps prevent aging... Especially if you take them while driving. How can you tell if someone is having a stroke? There is lotion and used tissues laying around
Can't get a woman? Rip out your rib and make your own! Critics are raving "this doesn't work" and "I'm bleeding to death". Hey you know how people say they hate math because it doesn't make sense? I think that is unfair because math loves them. The problem is that math shows its love by playing hard to get.
There was a lot of this before MJ died. [img]http://i.imgur.com/oZxmOzJ.png[/img] I was doing so well getting over my viagra addiction... But I couldn't keep it up.
How do genetically engineered car salesmen from Boston greet their customers? Hey, gattaca? GATTACA? A girl runs up to her mother with a pile of crap in her hand "Look what I almost stepped in!"
Did you hear about the guy who killed the sphinx? i hear he's one bad-ass motherfucker... I grow herbs in my bed. Bed thyme.
Avoid unwanted pregnancies by using the "pull out" method where you pull out an acoustic guitar at a party & no one will have sex with you. Am I crazy... ... or does it smell like boogers in here?
A Jamaican is sightseeing in Egypt. A vehicle drives by, beeping its horn. "Coo yah!" he says. "It's tootin' car, mon!" Why did Barbie never get pregnant? Because Ken came in a different box. Badum tiss.
You know how if a bear is about to attack you, you're supposed to stand totally still? Your smarter friend that's running just punkd you. I got kicked out of a store trying to buy condoms All I wanted was to use their fitting room!
I did a self defense course I would't recommend anyone to attack me in slow motion I went to a show at the zoo, but the monkeys went wild and stated flinging poo at everybody... What a shit show
Today I found out that nobody living in my town is allowed to be buried in it. It might be because they're alive What did the ghost say to the bee? Boo bee!
MY VIRGINITY The UK Government has decided to make LSD legal as a drug for weight loss It makes sense if you think about it. It's kinda hard to get to the fridge when there's a dragon guarding it...
I was about to tell you a bank joke But I lost all interest. No matter how angry you get about something... ... you can't any angrier than a midget with a yo-yo.
Don't assume Wal-Mart sells walls. Unless you want an argument about existential reality with an 85-year-old greeter. Telling someone they can't be sad because others have it worse, is like telling someone they can't be happy because others have it better!
Made plans to exercise with a friend and now I have to go get in a car accident. COW: I'm constipated DR DOG: when was ur last bowel moooo-vement lol C: ur doing puns right now? DD: gonna milk this for all its worth lmao
I bet the first mohawk was created by a guy trying to even out his sideburns. Donald Trump's presidential campaign emerges victorious! title
What's a hats favourite thing? Getting head Me: You should be nicer to me. You'll never have another dad. 5-year-old: Don't be so sure. Mom is pretty.
The Three Unwritten Rules Of Life 1. 2. 3. What do vegan zombies eat? Graaaaains!
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I kinda liked it. How many alzheimer's patients does it take to change a lightbulb? To get to the other side!
You hang Up. "No you hang Up." No YOU hang Up. "No YOU hang Up." - couple fighting while hanging Pixar movie posters What does a gay man and a rhubarb have in common? It's not right to call them a fruit.
What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? About half way. "WE WILL FIGHT TO THE DEATH! After you try this delicious glazed poultry I've prepared for you all." --General Tso
What do black people with Down's Syndrome call their friends? Their Chromies Did you hear about the new Die Hard where Willis Infiltrates a Corrupt Nunnery? "*Bad Habits Die Hard.*"
How do you tell the difference between the staff and the inmates at a psychiatric hospital? The patients get better and leave. Not everyone of the patients thinks he is God. The staff have the keys! Don't cry because it's over, smile because it was pizza.
Q: How do you get a clarinet player to play  louder? A: You can't! What US state has the most cows? Moosouri!
Two fish are sitting in a tank. One fish says to the other, "I don't know how to drive this thing". I'm trying to get on your good side, but I haven't found it yet.
How many Communists does is take to screw in a light bulb? All of them. What happened when fire and the wheel were invented? People got lit and turnt.
I've wanted to post this forever. This. What's the difference between a feminist and a suicide vest? A suicide vest will blow you.
Spent 10 mins trying to get into my car today...finally the door opened when the person who actually owned the car unlocked it. 'How to Win Friends &amp; Influence People' is getting a sequel How to lose friends and alienate people.
Why do blonde girls have bruises around their belly buttons? Because blonde guys aren't that smart either I have a job crushing pop cans. It's soda pressing.
You know that little indestructible black box that is used on planes - why can't they make the whole plane out of the same substance? Bad weather is My way of temporarily punishing you. Bad climate is your way of permanently punishing you.
My doctor said if I get 1000 upvotes he will perform free LASIK surgery! Upvote for visibility. What do prison and the Caps Lock button have in common? They both turn "o" into an "O".
Me: Show me a pan that didn't get clean the first time and I will show you a pan that needs to soak.. Wife: STOP TWEETING AND WASH THE PAN! Two cannibals are eating a math teacher. Another approaches, and asks.. "Hey, can I have sum?"
Why was the actor detained by airport security? He said he was in town to shoot a pilot. Why did both Germany and the U.S want to hire Apes during World War Two? Because they are excellent at waging Gorilla warfare!
So a man goes to work... Memed XD im a grill btw so upboat plz. The fastest and most deadly land mammal is a woman who has noticed another woman flirting with her man.
If a bear confronts you in the woods, make it go away by handing it a flyer for your boyfriend's band's show. If a British person calls 911 and says, "It's a bloody mess" how does the operator know if there's blood or the person is just being British
Ladies, never agree to do an@l, save it for when you do something so bad a blowjob can't fix things. What do you call a prematurely born Chinese baby? Sudden Lee
I wonder if Ronald McDonald sadistically cackles as he bludgeons innocent chickens and uses clown magic to turn them into nuggets. Two drums and a cymbal jump off a cliff... Ba dum tss.
No body What do you call a man with no body and a nose? Nobody knows! The United Nations is like a black father You know it exists but it's just never there when you need it .
I don't have a swimmer's body. I have more of a drowning to death body. #Olympics What do dissecting a frog and explaining a joke on Reddit have in common? Both are shitty novelties.
What did the letter F say when he became cool? Sup G? What's the tallest building in [insert your town/city here] The Library, it has the most stories......
My grandpa told me this before he kicked the bucket. He said, "Son, how far do you think I can kick this bucket?" The thing about statistics is, if you gather enough, you'll find a coincidence.
A cheese shop was just bombed in Paris. There's de-brie everywhere ^^^I'm ^^^really ^^^sorry Remember when... ... the General Motors jobs were in Flint, and you couldn't drink the water in Mexico. And now...
How can you tell the pig is a failure as Easter bunny? By the egg on its face. I'm writing a movie script about a group of Kenyan refugees who are breaking track records in a suburban American high school... I call it, "Fast times at Ridgemont High"
What's big, green and if it falls out of a tree it will kill you? A pool table. Our topic today: Should we legalize monster trucks? We'll speak to monster truck expert Kevin, age 8. He believes they are "cool and big."
What is a goat herder known as in the Middle East? A Pimp What do you call a Muslim woman without a burka? Dead.
Jaws How do you know the girl from Jaws had dandruff? She left her Head &amp; Shoulders on the beach I am 99% sure USA's Student's t is 2.576. Because America got an infinite degree of freedom.
(Sigh) I thought "The Scarlet Letter" was a book about red stationery.... Son of Sam I Am, a serial killer who targets people who won't try new foods.
As a Hilary supporter in Colorado, I'm still happy with the outcome of the election. Since proposition 106 passed I can legally kill myself now that trump won. This week is the 40th anniversary of the Rubik's Cube. If you kids don't know what a Rubik's Cube is, it's what people would stare at without human interaction before cellphones.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? a rip off Hi I was calling about the $300/hour part time job I read about in a sexy ad I saw on an illegal torrent site. Are you guys still hiring?
Ex-wife died in a car wreck yesterday. Didn't send flowers, thought might be weird to the family. That and didnt know other drivers address. Why did the cz-75 get the girl pregnant? It took too long to pull out.
I like putin The rest of the joke down here SATURDAY TIP: simply because mother has fallen asleep that's no reason to stop the footrub
i could miss 4 days of school in a row in HS and have all A's and you zone out for 38 seconds in college and ur grade goes from a B to a G "Want to hear a joke about potassium?" "Yes" "K"
I was so touched last week when a shopkeeper handed my 3yo a donut without checking with me, that today I gave his teen a bag of heroin. Your momma's so fat... ...that when I asked her what her what her favorite time of the year was, she said, "dinner time."
Astrid was a victim of ID theft Now she has to go get a new one. What's the difference between a knife, and an argument with a female? A knife has a point...
What do you get when you mix a bulldog and a shih tzu? Bullshit. Works better if you say it out loud. *pays $20 for deluxe car wash* *hits roughly 3,287,998 bugs during 2 mile drive home*
How does a Russian catch fish? A niet! I've got a friend who's a psychopath and he's got a brilliant sense of humour. He kills me!
When I was a kid I made all of my toys watch Toy Story so that they knew I was on to them. I hit some kid riding a skateboard today, on the way to work. On a lighter note, I'm selling a lightly used skateboard.
[NYE] ME: *wearing 2017 glasses* OPTOMETRIST: *rubbing his temples* Stephanie your eyesight may be bad but you really only need one pair How many hookers does it take to screw in a light bulb? I don't know, but my basement's still dark
What is the prettiest thing about a DC girl? Her resume. "I'm hungry!" says your sister... "Hi Hungry, I'm Dad" your father replies Two hours later, your dad says, "I'm fucking hungry!"
Did you hear about the incestuous hotdogs? They say they're in bread. What happened to Wendy from Wendy's? "The Baconator"
Q: Did you hear about the man who was Polishing the flagpole? A: He varnished into thin air! Breaking News: PIRATES STOPPED STEALING OIL TANKERS They switched to stealing tankers filled with printer ink...
Why does it see like fur is more hated than leather? Its easy to harass a 90lb aneroxic and walk away. It's a lot harder to do the same to the 250lb tattooed, long haired, biker. I was out with my bf and a waiter called me a 'cradle robber' cuz he's 18 and I'm 43. Totally ruined our 10th anniversary.
What do books and sex have in common? They both have a climax. Cat: Human, congratulations, I've chosen your face to sleep upon tonight. If at some point you cannot breathe, do not wake me.
if boris johnson was priminster he'd make all of us shop at Borrisons Every year you swallow ten beetles in your sleep! That's what my gastroentomologist told me.
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo drizzle How do you turn regular water into holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Before I met my wife I was incomplete.. Now I'm finished. I ate so much at Thanksgiving, I had to loosen my Fitbit. (Credit to my future mother-in-law for this suprise zinger)
What's the difference between snowmen and snow women? Snow balls. Ha What is atheism? A non-prophet organisation.
"See that guy over there? I have to serve him with papers today." -Oh really? Why? "Because I lost my tennis racquet." My ex-girlfriend is standing at the opposite end of the museum from me! I want to go say hi but there's just so much history between us.
Statistics say that 60% of women take medication for mental illness, Which means 40% aren't taking their medication. I hate when new parents ask who the baby looks like--it was born 15 minutes ago, it looks like a potato.
What do you call a woman who misses her period? Fucked Mmmmm.... delicious!
cashier at the book store told me to "take it easy" so I stabbed her in the neck with my keys because nobody tells me how to live my life. Well, well, well. Guess who the grocery store asked to come back soon
What do a slinky and your mother in law have in common? They're both fun to watch tumble down stairs. What have Brussel sprouts and pubic hair got in common? You brush them both to the side and carry on eating.
I'm not sure if I'm depressed Or just nihilistic And breaking news, a man has been rushed to hospital after having 6 plastic horses shoved up his ass. He is in a stable condition.
You can't die, man! Not right now. Not on my watch! *lifts dead body and pulls watch put from under it* Is it proper to eat a hamburger with your fingers? No you should eat your fingers separately!
You may think i'm odd for eating ham and pineapple sandwiches.. But hey.. That's just Hawaii roll. It's a good thing the pilgrims and indians feasted on turkey instead of cats at the original Thanksgiving... ...otherwise we would only get to eat pussy once a year.
If you can't handle me at my worst, you and I have a lot in common. Molestation Such a touchy subject
The worst part of being named Michael is repeatedly being broken up with via a text that states *drops Mike* People find one band-aid and suddenly no one wants anymore of my homemade salsa.
Terror attack in New York Thousands of people scream as Mariah Carey bombs Time Square Man goes to a burger stand and asks for an Oasis burger The vendor asks what an Oasis burger is. You get a roll with it.
Someone recently broke in to my nan's flat and stole her precious limbo trophy... How low can you get? Plot Twist: Africa adopts Angelina Jolie
So, a girl was giving me a handjob... and I told her to stop because she was rubbing me the wrong way. If trump gets elected can we make a show similar to the apprentice but when Trump says "your fired" he sends a nuclear missile at a country.
Progress Johnny do you still throw stones at birds ? No sir, now i use slingshot. Former District attorney lost job after scandal, now a male sex worker. Most of his jobs are pro-boner
How i feel when i find out Tom Brady is suspended for 4 games Why do Redditors pay with exact change? They can't stand a Nickleback!
Trump's inauguration is like his hands: Tiny in comparison. I'm sick of everyone one reddit corecting my spelling.
Guys, throw away ALL your favorite things. Go to Pier 1, buy some throw pillows and potpourri. Ok, you're ready for marriage. Today seems like a good day to wash my hair and take 10 selfies wearing 10 different shirts so I can pretend I look human on a regular basis
What if they had a call center where they call you everyday with a mission to make you laugh? But instead of a call center, they called it a lol center! So much lol, that it will make you fall! Shout out to political bumper stickers, changing nobody's mind and lowering the value of your car and whatnot.
Stop complaining about the length of the Hobbit movies. Plays are 17 hours long. School plays are twice that. Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four they'd be called chicken sedans!
Can you say three two-letter words that mean small? Is it in? Why did the engineer drive the backwards? He had a loco motive.
Did you know Steve Irwin would still be alive if he wore sunscreen? It protects from deadly rays. A rapist made a pornhub account... His porn/stage name was Ben Dover
Chuck Norris can speak braille. What do you call chips that aren't yours? Nacho chips
Interview joke Interviewer: What is your name, and what do you do for a living Bank Robber: I'm Robin Banks I was 3 yrs old when my mom was diagnosed with my brother.
I avoid making friends by being honest with people What do you call a Crazy female deer? A doenut
So I, (male) have a Girlfriend with a schoolgirl fantasy... The only problem is...I fell uncomfortable wearing the dress. Stole from the office. S3E21 What did the black Jew say to the non-believers? We Israel..
What did the ear of corn say when all of its clothes fell off? Aw shucks! I dig my own Grave. Adds Inter-ior designer to Resume.
(accidentally invented when heard words out of context) What kind of food did Hitler eat? Notseafood What do Australian chess players say when they're finished eating at a restaurant? Check mate.
I grew up in a very sheltered household. Our house had 17 roofs. We had alcoves upon alcoves. I wore a tarp wherever I went. Why was the clownfish sad? Because its friends were anemones.
A man buys a house The guy he buys it from says "we printed out the deed but didn't have paper so we printed it on this plank of wood, will that be okay?" "That wooden deed" How do you keep brown bears off your property? Build a wall
How do you guarantee that your wishes always come true? Wish for something that is already true. I love telling jokes... But I always punch up the fuck line.
4 out of 5 dentists agree, that 5th dentist is an asshole. Sorry a remote fell out when you took off my bra
What do Donald Trump and the iPhone 7 have in common? They both think de-porting is the answer after there's no more Job's What's the biggest difference between men and women? The phrase "I went through a whole box of tissues watching that film." is a good place to start.
I surveyed 100 women and asked them what shampoo they used when showering. 98 of them said, "How the hell did you get in here?" I only entered the witness protection program for the free plastic surgery.
Nothing brings a family closer at graduation than a flask. What's the difference between a peeping tom and a pickpocket? Well, the pickpocket snatches watches,
I went out for dinner last night. The Captain's Basket was on special for $7.00. I tried it just for the halibut. 6yo Son: Dad, why'd you spray cologne down there when you got outta the shower? Me: How's ice cream for dinner sound?
How many out of date redditers does it take to change a light bulb? OVER 9000 A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double-entendre... So he gives it to her.
I put the 'fun' in 'dyslexic'. LOUD PART, quiet part, LOUD PART, quiet part. There, I wrote a symphony. What's the big deal?
How do you throw a space party? You planet! How do you fit an elephant in a teacup? You take the f out of way. ~~say it out loud if you don't get it~~
What do you call a fly without any wings? A walk How do you know the economy is only getting worse? On the latest episode of "Celebrity Apprentice", Donald Trump fired himself!
Dear people who question why girls go to the bathroom together - Hermione went alone and got attacked by a troll Old MacDonald had a very bad Scrabble hand... E-I-E-I-O.
What's the United States favorite brand of shortening? San Fran Crisco Q: What did the gangster's son tell his dad when he failed his examination? A: Dad they questioned me for 3 hours but I told them nothing."
Nice told me a joke How many bakers does it take to run a bakery? Bun Edit: Title should say Niece My front door was locked so I tried to force it open. Then my wife said "You're not a Jedi Paul, just use the goddamn key."
Why do women hate panty lines? Because like, it sucks waiting around for underwear. "How would you describe the woman who attacked you?" *Describes mother* *Gets a copy of picture* *Gives it to mum as late birthday present*
What did little no armed Jimmy get for Christmas? Gloves! Haha I'm joking. He hasn't opened it yet. Friends are like snow flakes. If you pee on them they go away.
This table is a bit wobbly, one of the legs appears to be shorter, Luckily I have just been given a copy of the new album by Nickleback There's probably a whole circle in hell that's just full of guys beatboxing.
How do you spell relief? F-A-R-T Why did the chick disappoint his mother? Because he wasn't all he was *cracked up* to be.
"I'm dying call me an ambulance" Best friend: "Ok dying, you're an ambulance" Why is it so hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs? They're always taking things...literally.
To where going Batman running fast? To the Bathroom If water is h20, what is ice H2O^3
Whats the difference between a joke and 2 dicks. You cant take a joke Imagine if your roommate made you watch a movie and left 10 mins into it. Dick move, right? My point is old people shouldn't get to vote
What did Cholera say to Malaria? Are you gonna Jaundice on Saturday? Apparently "naked" is not the answer when someone mad at you asked, how do you sleep at night?
They say the best way to prepare your kids for loss in later life is to have pets. So I bought a puppy and shot it in front of them. I'm not having my kids growing up damaged. What was Ol' Dirty Bastard's favorite vegetable? Nigga, peas!
What's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a four-year old child? Eric Clapton never would have let his bag of coke fall out of a 49th-story window! What a coincidence. My state of the unit address focuses on jobs as well.
Freedom of speech [deleted] I saw a man with a several rabbits on his head today... When I inquired as to why he had rabbits on his head, he simply stated "From a distance they look like hares"
My grandpa's a total perv My mom told me he had a stroke at my sisters dance recital! A Lawyer walks into a bar Well, technically, he wasn't a lawyer yet...
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide. *bows* DJ Daemon maintains the beats in the background.
What did the commitment averse monster truck announcer say to his girlfriend when she asked him, "When are you going to finally ask me to marry you?" ###SOMEDAY ###SOMEDAY! ###SOMEDAY!! The police came to my door to tell me my dogs were chasing people on bikes. The fuck they are, I said. My dogs don't even have bikes.
What do you call a group of homosexual musicians from India who never get to play out? A Gay Raj band your Lonely Score is the maximum number of forks a takeout place has given you for your single person food order. my score is 4
Why is Italy shaped like a boot? Well, can't fit that much shit in a sneaker! No I don't think you're stupid, I just think you have real bad luck when it comes to thinking
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts. Cause a sheep can hear a zipper a mile away. What did the Zero say to the Eight? Nice belt.
An amoralist, a nihilist, and a world-weary cynic walk into a bar. The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve minors in here.". Me - "Hey kiddo, you have your shoes on the wrong feet" My 6 year old - "I ain't got no other feet"
What's the difference between a lawnmower and a hooker? When I'm choking the lawnmower, I don't stick my dick in it. Dear Algebra, Don't make us find your X. She is never going to come back, And don't ask Y.
Dirty limericks? GO! [NSFW] There once was a girl named Alice Who used dynamite as a phallus They found her vagina in South Carolina And bits of her tits in Dallas Q: Why did the condom fly across the room? A: It was pissed off.
I recently learned my friend likes to be dominated by his girlfriend in bed. I wouldn't have pegged him for that. What sport do you play with a wombat? Wom
How did a mom figure out her daughter had hit puberty? She kept wetting the bed. What did the OCD man get thrown in jail for? Organized crime.
OMG you guys, my penis is doing the most adorable thing right now! 20 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs. Now we have no cash, no hope and no jobs. God please don't kill Kevin Bacon.
If you cool your body down to -273,16 degrees celsius.. ..you'd be 0K CW: It's 11:11 make a wish. Me: I wish I could throw a clock at your face.
DMX is in jail Because X didn't give it to them. 23rd Century Scientist: We're sending you to 1889 to kill baby Hitler. Four words: Stick. To. The. Mission. Henry Ford: Yes, sir.
*wife opens present* "You got me the action figure you wanted?" Ugh if you don't appreciate it then give me it *takes gift and runs to room* "Blinding Nemo" #BPMovies
What's a mathematician's favorite plant? Geometry If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster's feet, what would I have? Two feet of my cock in your ass.
What's the difference between babies and cats People want to see pictures of your cat. What do you call a armless, legless man in water? Bob.
I'm glad to see Reddit is so environmentally friendly! Especially /r/jokes. They are full of recycled content! What does an alcoholic ghost drink? BOO'S.
A conservative is beating a liberal in a debate [removed] Turning to an episode of Seinfeld and discovering it's one you've never seen is like finding a twenty dollar bill in your pocket.
Camper: Is it easy to milk a cow? Farmer: Sure it is. Any jerk can do it. Who's Bill Cosby's favourite Disney princess? Sleeping Beauty
One of the anchors on CBS Sports just referred to smoking weed as "toking salad" and from that alone I'll bet my life savings he's a dad What do you get when you mix a red tie and a shit hair cut? Mexico and Canada scratching their heads thinking, how the FUCK!?
What looks ridiculous and is often spotted on top of an asshole? Donald Trump's Hair. I'm going out with a girl I met online who's a vegetarian... I've never met *herbivore* :)
What happened to the native man that drank 23 cups of tea? He went home and drowned in his tea pee. What seperates black people and white people? The bars. Shoutout to my bud Treyvon for this joke from almost 7 years ago.
Just showed my 4 yo niece that I can still do a cartwheel and now she is showing me where the ice packs are. I bet the frankincense guy was all like, "Let's put the three items in one gift basket and the basket can be from all of us."
Why did Jesus stop playing Hockey? He just kept getting nailed to the boards. Sorry too anyone offended, but come on, why are you here if you get offended. PS, Sorry Jesus, its funny! A friendly reminder to Republicans... ...to set your clocks 60 years ahead and join the rest of us in the 21st century.
So a lumber jack was severely injured this evening... It was quite the accident. You know what they say about cliffhangers ...
What's the difference between funny jokes, and the jokes that make always make it big on reddit? Puns. Fuck puns. I couldn't find the thingy that peels the carrots and potatoes, so I asked the kids if they'd seen it Apparently, she left me a few days ago
You know your old when you come close to shaving your nipple off while trying to shave your legs! What's the best thing about fingering a gypsy on her period? You get your palm red for free
An officer gets shot in a marijuana raid... So I heard the royal baby was 8 pounds. That's awfully cheap for a human baby.
"PARTY FOWL" someone yelled as the drunk duck did another keg stand *pokes sex life with a stick
When I was a kid my mother stopped breast feeding me. I asked her why and she says "hey, I just wanna be friends." Oh, I almost forgot; my mom told me to tell you guys hi.
If you ever feel useless... .. Remember that there is a comment section on porn sites. I believe in "you're stupid" at first sight.
My wife informs me that today our 2YO daughter said, "fart," and laughed uproariously. Three times. So, yeah. That one's mine. What's the difference between England and Oscar Pistorius? England gets off scott-free.
Whats the KKK's favorite type of cake? Sheet cake. "Rock. Paper. Scissors." - terrible surgeon
What did the officials say whenever systematic punishment was banned? There's no punchline. What is a bed's least favourite time of year? Spring break.
Every Husband is a farmer by default. His survival solely depends on "agree"culture... "Agree"culture increases the GDP (Gross Domestic Peace). Not my original. Just heard at a party recently. :) heres a knock knock joke for you knocks nock nock. whos there dickey doo dickey doo who ya stomach sticks out further than ya dickey doo
A worm is a pretty disappointing prize for getting up early if you ask me. Did you hear the one about the 2 gay ghosts? They kept giving each other the willies!
Are you alone? Afraid? Lonely? Then you'd better turn up the TV because I just heard a noise Why should you bury indians 10 feet deep? Because deep down they're good people
What do you call an detective's glasses? Inspectacles PRO TIP: Despite the name, never hand Krazy Glue to a crazy person...especially if you're both naked & only have the hotel room for an hour.
Why wouldn't Samus go below Brinstar? Because she was a-Kraid to. Now I think about it, this joke is a bit more "Riddle-y," than say an actual joke. Women have closets full of 'I have nothing to wear.'
My dentist isn't racist. He has loads of plaque friends. What did the Blind, Deaf man get for Christmas?? Cancer
How many animals can fit into a pair of pantyhose? Ten pigs, two calves, one beaver, and an ass. I give to you a joke I made up when I was seven: Why did the computer crash? Because it had a bad driver! *drops mic*
What do you get if you cross a teddy bear with a pig ? A teddy boar ! "Let's check in with Ted our correspondent in the field." Ted: "Hey Bob I've been in this field for about an hour, and I'm super bored."
I tape microwave popcorn to the ceiling cause it's cheaper than a smoke alarm. Two generations that were unable to go to bed without their stuffed animals or blankies now feel the same way about their phones.
*Tries to go into debt* DEBT: I have a boyfriend The script for the upcoming Tetris movie is terrible Each actor just says four lines and then disappears.
What did the "O" call the Zero? Weirdo! I bought a book yesterday-a real one with paper, and you have to turn pages and everything! Living like a cave person. Life is hard.
Me: "If Americans say 'sidewalk', what do we mean in England?" My six year old: "Crab!" A teenager buys condoms for the first time... The cashier says, "That'll be $9.95 plus tax.". Horrified, the boy exclaims "I thought they stayed on by themselves!"
I never warn my wife before I pull the anal beads out.. I like starting the mower on the first tug. "This surgical knife isn't sharp," ...Dr. Swiftie said bluntly.
50 years from now..."Remember that time we were fighting the riot police and the National Guard ..." "...and your mommy shows up and kicks your ASS?" Say 'beer can' in a British accent. I just taught you to say 'bacon' in a Jamaican accent.
I just had the biggest bowel movement of my life then turned around and the toilet was empty. Needless to say I completely lost my shit Look dude, I'm going to need to see alot more chest hair and jewelry if you want into my Disco party
Two fish are in a tank.. One turns to the other and asked "Do you know how to drive this thing?" I was walking through a graveyard this morning and saw a man squatting by a tombstone. I shouted "Morning!" He replied "No, just pooping."
The US economy That's the joke. Q: How do you get 27 kids to carve a statue? A: Have everybody chip in.
The year is 2030: All corporations have merged and every night before bed you say a prayer to your cable company. What do rednecks do on Halloween? Pump-kin!
In awkward situations I'll sometimes break out my braille version of Calvin and Hobbes. You know - comic relief. I haven't told anyone but last night I let my husband indulge his "scat" fetish. I'm glad I got that off my chest.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya, personal trainer. Obesity killed my father. Prepare to diet. *eats half a pan of brownies while making salad for dinner*
In an alternate universe, the President... is given an attache and told not to press the button inside beyond the most dire circumstances. Instructions nuclear. "911? Yes I need to report an incident" "What is it mam?" "THIS. GIRL. IS. ON. FIRE!" "Getting real tired of this crap, Alicia."
A man walks into a bar and says, "David Foster Wallace was not the greatest writer to ever live." . I came up with a new word that means taking someone else's work and passing it off as my own. Plagiarism
Feminist are boycotting James Coney Island.. They claim it's all about the wieners Are you writing a thank you letter to Grandma  like I told you to? Yes Mom. Your handwriting seems very large. Well  Grandma's very deaf so I'm writing very loudly.
Carl: Perfect weather tonight. Me: Tell me something I don't know. Carl: Butterflies taste with their feet. Me: Fair enough. The memory foam in my mattress is probably wishing it could forget me.
Whats the difference between a Pope and acne? Acne doesn't come on a boy's face until he is around 12. What do rednecks do on Halloween? Pump-kin.
When a man falls off a boat, you say, "Man overboard!" What do you say when a woman falls off a boat? "Full speed ahead!" If Donald Trump becomes president, he'll increase taxes, he'll increase borders... And the population of Canada.
"Wolfgang Mozart", says Mozart's friend... "What?!" replies Mozart. Then they are both eaten by a gang of wolves. How did the prostitute get a job at the zoo? They heard she could handle a cockatoo.
According to my current parking spot, I'm Chief of Police. Found newspaper from day my son was born. Originally saved so he could see news of that day. Now saving so he can see what a newspaper was.
TOASTER OVEN: Do you really need another Hot Pocket? ME: You shut your mouth TO: If I shut my mouth will you stop putting Hot Pockets in it You better watch out, you better not cry, you better not pout, I'm telling you why. Life gets worse when you're an adult.
Where does the General keep hs armies? In his sleevies. Why doesn't Jesus play basketball? He got crossed up.
Customer: Why is my hairline  receding? Barber: It's not. Your scalp is advancing. "Kim Jong Il dies at 69." That's how I'd like to go. With wet balls and a face full of cunt.
Why aren't kids under the age of 18 allowed to watch videos about duck calls without the consent of a parent? Because they contain a lot of fowl language. So I got asked if I wanted a threesome... I said no thanks, if I wanted to disappoint two people at once I'd go out to dinner with my parents.
The Kardashian Family motto: Getting black men off since the OJ trial. Bandwagon fans make me so mad, I've hated Benghazi for decades
Why did the whale cross the road? To get to the other tide. Yo momma's pussay is like the white house: No bush, and there's a black guy in there now.
Why is golf better than sex? It lasts for hours and they are 18 different holes. What do you call a pessimistic Mexican? A Mexican't
The movie was better than the book because I'm illiterate. All the kings horses and all the kings men probably feel like they're being grossly underutilized with that whole egg thing.
What's the difference between a cow and 9/11? In the US you can't milk a cow for 14 years. teacher: "there are no stupid questions" me: "ya ok but why isnt the plural of moose, meese"
"The main thing about being a woman is trying to lock in moisture" -TV Which astronaut wears the biggest helmet? The one with the biggest head.
I like Jesus but he loves me, so it's awkward. I'm so pissed right now I'm going to open a can of... what the hell, when did they start putting child proof lids on the cans of whoop-ass?
Squirrels run around like they're being chased. Nobody cares about you. You live in tree. Get a job Facebook memories are a great way to see how fat you've gotten.
The Defecator. "That's not even a real Transformer." Beat it, kid. What does a grizzly wear under his fur? Under-bear.
Two guys in Ohio die and wake up in hell The paramedics revived them What is the best part of living in Flint You get free Orange Juice
Here in England, we drive on the right side of the road. If we drove on the wrong side, there'd be a lot more crashes. Muffins. So there are two muffins in an oven. One says to the other, "Is it getting hot in here, or is it just me?" And the second one says, "Holy shit, a talking muffin!"
My son is a star mathlete. He has developed a geometric formula for fitting his body perfectly into a locker. Unemployment rate went down to historic lows I think I might switch my major to art -No one ever
What did the Redditor say at his wedding? TIL death do us part. What is Fonzi's favorite letter of the alphabet? "F", for Fonzi. Duh.
Why was the alligator sad? It had a kiddie meal but didn't get a toy. How's Bud Light like having sex in a canoe? They're both fucking pretty close to water.
NEWS ANCHOR: Here's Gary with day 1 of his outdoor summer weather report. GARY: [frying an egg on the sidewalk] I quit. Back to you, John. If your wife is shouting Q: If your wife is shouting at the front door and your dog is barking at the back door, who do you let in first? A: The dog -- at least he'll quiet down after you let him in.
i went to a wedding for two antennae The ceremony was pretty bad, but the reception was amazing New Coworker: So do you have any kids? Me: Yeah, one too many New Coworker: Haha, oh yeah? How many do you have? Me: One
After announcing our weight at birth, parents shouldn't stop. If they announced it at every birthday, we'd all be a lot skinnier. Buffalo Snow Not to make light of a deadly situation, but if this storm and flood ends up wiping away Buffalo, my chicken wing collection is going to be worth a fortune.
What happens when a lawyer takes Viagra? He gets taller. What did the Buddhist say to the Hot-Dog vendor? Make me one with everything.
What happens to a tipped cow? They can't MOOve I had the dream again, the one where I show up to a standardized test with a no.3 pencil.
In honor of America's upcoming Independence Day, do you know why America spells "behavior", "color", and "humor" the way they do? Because **fuck u**, that's why! What's the difference between a cat and a comma? A cat has claws at the end of it's paws, a comma has a pause and the end of it's clause.
An Islamic person and a Christian person are arguing theology, and one says to the other "let's be reasonable". Ba doom' chaaa. What do you call a cow who has just had an abortion? De-calf-inated
GOD: hey my son is broken, he won't absolve the sins of mankind IT GUY: try turning him off, waiting 3 days, then turning him back on again Two crows walk into a bar. Before they can order their first drink, they get arrested for attempted murder.
So I caught my dog chewing on a tree yesterday. He said the bark was really rough. Did you hear that great joke about Schrodinger's cat?
Have you heard that all the buses and trains are stopping today? No. Is there a strike? No they're stopping to let the passengers off. Advice from a 6 year old patient: "You should wear your stethoscope everywhere...girls will really like you. You look smart"
What's Bill Clinton's drug of choice? Blow. <--- only has 13 problems left. Turns out, getting divorced cured 86 of em!
Where does Saddam Hussein keep his plates? In Iraq. Princess Peach: Something's different. You seem taller. Luigi wearing Mario's red overalls: No, nothing is different. It'sa me, Mario.
Do you know what they feed you at Guantanamo Bay? Well after being there for 30 years, neither do I! What's something white people can call other white people but black people can't call other black people? Dad.
Why did the run-on sentence take a pregnancy test? Because its period came too late. Whoever said, "there's no place like home for the holidays" clearly hasn't been to my house.
I feel like a lot of single women have been naming their cats Adele this year. A security camera caught a couple having sex in an elevator. .... They got off on the eighth floor.... then they straightened their clothing and exited the elevator on the 14th floor.
That awkward moment when sluts hate on other sluts for being sluts. What's the difference between r/politics and r/liberal? None
I'm getting concerned that Beyonce never told those single ladies to put their hands down and now there's a bunch of unfed cats out there. *hops off a horse* alright buddy, your turn
[Robot Uprising] Human: Oh no a robot! What kind are you? Robot: I am a counting machine Human: Oh thank g Robot: Now killing human #53822 A sexist, a racist and a homophobe walk into a bar Bartender: 'What will it be, Mr Trump?'
Here's to alcohol, the cause of  and solution to  all life's problems. Two fish are in a tank One turns to the other and asks "How do you drive this thing?"
Why are waiters terrible pornstars? They only want the tip Hey girl, are you Liam Neeson's daughter? Because if so nvm
Did you hear about that fire at the circus?! I heard it was in tents! I asked my wife if she enjoys a cigarette after sex and she said, "No, one drag is enough."
My dad thought it would be a good idea to show my girlfriend my baby photos. "You haven't changed at all." she laughed. "That's enough of the naked ones, please." I told him. Did you like the movie yesterday? How is Jerry doing at school? It's a pity you broke up with Mark, he was OK. "Do I know you?" "I follow you on twitter."
"Were you in Paris on your  vacation?" "I don't know my wife got the tickets." Probably my worst birthday was my 9th because my mom was in jail & her boyfriend TJ made me a pinata filled with maggots & hair.
What's 9 inches long, purple, and I love to shove it down my girlfriend's throat? Her miscarriage. [Deathbed Confession] I wish I'd listened to my girlfriend more often. Especially as I crossed the road after she yelled BUS.
[Sahara desert] Me: *shares canteen* Companion: *holds it to his mouth but nothing comes out* Me: it's ketchup, you have to wait a bit. So in the old days Jesus told me that he needs an ark, I reply : "I noah guy"
What's the diffrence between a girl in a church and a girl in a bath? The girl in a church has a soul full of hope and the girl in a bath has, well... EDIT: better structure. I was Hungary... so Iran to Turkey
Sometimes people want to have full conversations really early in the morning and it's okay to kill those people. how many calories are in a horse
POLICE CHIEF: They call him the copycat killer ONE OF THE COPS (mocking tone): They call him the copycat killer [everyone looks at him] Oops retweet if a walrus named jamaal got you pregnant then wouldn't pay child support so you had to take him to Maury
A deer walks into a bar 3 people leave realizing how dangerous a deer in a bar is. A polite penis stands up when a lady wants to sit down
The worst part of being an astronaut would be eventually having to come back to Earth and deal with other people. Sally Why did Sally fall of the swing? She had no arms. Knock knock (Reader says who's there) Not Sally.
Went out for a few drinks with some hedgehogs last night... I got spiked Why Wasn't Hitler Allowed to Host Jeapoardy? He kept asking the contestants if their answers were their final solution.
"Doctor, is the baby healthy?" "Yes Kanye, and just so you know I was the first one to hold her." "Huh?" *Ray-J pulls off surgical mask I don't care who dies in the movie but it better not be the dog.
How do you find a vegan at your dinner party? Don't worry, they'll tell you. What did the child with no arms and no legs get for Christmas? Cancer.
People say I'm a stand up guy.. ....but I prefer to sit down when I can. Good morning everyone! How many Ferguson protesters does it take to change a light bulb? None; they can't change anything.
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked it out with a pencil. An explanation please? I wish I could commute by roller coaster.
My Grandfather was one of those Unorthodox Jews. He was a Nazi. Why do girls always walk around in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
Every time I use <3 in an @ to someone, I can't help but think, "Please accept this carrot with balls as a token of how much I heart you." A repost walks into a bar Bartender says "shit, you again?!".
What did the ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, it just waved At my funeral the priest will throw my corpse into the crowd and whoever catches it will be the next to die
Unlike Rick Astley, this tweet is likely to let you down. For the low, low price of $14.95, I'll send you my instructional DVD, "How to Succeed as a Con Man."
Birth control??? Here watch my kids for 10 minutes. A man walks into a bar... Because he forgot he was in Jail
How do you fit an elephant in a Safeway bag? You take the F out of safe, and the F out of way. She said, "I want you to make love to me so badly." He replied, "And that's exactly what I'm going to do."
I enjoy much more playing lots of videogames then having sex with Emma Watson.. In that particular order. No thanks, dentist's office that used to be a house
Whats the difference between a rooster and a prostitute? One goes "cockadoodle doo", the other goes, "Any cock 'ill do." Old joke my 60-something grandfather told me when I was 10 One of my black friends told me this, and I didn't know if I should laugh: What do you call a black hitchhiker? Stranded
The Tea Party is the biggest case of Stockholm Syndrome ever. Poor people rallying to the cause of those keeping them in poverty. Chuck Norris was the orginal sculptor of Mount Rushmore. He completed the entire project using only a bottle opener and a drywall trowel.
They say never go food shopping when you're hungry but it's been over a week now and every day I just get hungrier. The Chinese emperor went out on a guys night. It was the man-date of heaven.
Pretty cute that my husband wanted to role-play that I was his maid and then not break character for 14 years. Not everything Donald Trump says is stupid. He also says "Tremendous", "Sad", and "Pathetic".
What are those small bumps around women's nipples? It's Braille for "Suck Here" What do a cue ball and a mexican have in common? The harder you hit them, the more English you get out of them.
Why are double amputees always wrong? Because they don't have a leg to stand on. Note: I'm a right leg amputee and I made this up myself. Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
My Girlfriend Called Me A Pedophile... I said: "That's an awfully big word for a 6 year old!" So this ray of light broke bad. It was put in prism.
So 22 counties in Alabama are refusing to issue gay marriage licenses on the grounds that they believe in the traditional marriage of a man and his sister. Hellen Keller walks into a bar. And then a table, and then a stool.
The man who created knock knock jokes deserves a no-bell prize. In my dreams, my balloons come back down and apologize for leaving me.
What do you call an Optomitrist who is very highly thought of in his community? Respectacle What do you call a fish with no eye? FSH
What is your mom's favorite animal? Macaque. Guys! I demand you stop making jokes about 9/11! Its just plane wrong!
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full. Accept it. Your parents HAVE had sex before.
Me, as a judge: OK we'll take a quick recess now. *lawyers start discussing lawyer things* *I go outside and swing on the swingset* There are three types of people... People who can count and people who can't
i dont care what anyone says, i dont have a follow up statement i just dont care what anyone says. A Facebook friend posted 8 pictures of himself fixing a lawnmower, so I drove over and shot him. It just felt like the right thing to do.
A comedian is called to the IRS... ...they tell him he owes more taxes. He says, "Why?" They say, "Because we appreciated your humor." Nuts. When you have nuts on the wall they're called walnuts. When you have nuts on your chest they're called chestnuts. When you have nuts on your chin you're called a cocksucker.
Why can't you surf on microwaves? Because they're too small. There is no 'I' in 'Denial'
Mum why am i getting my Christmas present in August? Because its cheaper than chemo. You know what is intense? Camping. Is intense.
What do you call a Chinese fly with no wings? A wok. Pineapple Jokes When is an apple not an apple?
What's the difference between a catfish and a lawyer? One's a bottom-feeding scum-sucker and the other one's a fish. What do call a white guy in a burning building? Fire cracker
What do you call someone from Zimbabwe holding a bottle cap in their hand? A trillionaire. We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
Woke up with no money. I was robbed last night by a guy who looks exactly like me, but drunker. If you walk a mile in my shoes, you'll end up at the bar...
Spaces matter in Spanish! Why? Because. If I could be indestructible for a day, its scary how many sharks I'd make out with.
I heard they came out with the new black transformer... His name is Optimus *Crime* Idiot college called, they want there mascot back.
What is Walt Jr.'s favorite movie? The Breakfast Club. My favourite sex position is the JFK I splatter all over her while she screams and tries to get out of the car.
My uncle, as an oncologist.... ... has a great sense of tumor. Male excuses: 1. I forgot 2. I didn't know 3. I wasn't sure 4. What?
Free joke for rats: Pick up a cashew and pretend to use it as a phone. Me: How was the party last night? 17: It was fun. The cops came. Me: What??? 17: Nah, it's cool. We got away. Me: That's my girl.
If a cougar is a woman who likes younger boys... then a man who likes younger boys must be a Nittany lion! And so, Jesus said unto Peter "Come forth and win yourself eternal glory" But Peter came fifth and won himself a toaster
I know this guy who prematurely ejaculates and he just comes out of no where... What's a poker player's favorite sitcom? Full House.
An Irishman and his bean soup Why did the Irishman only want 239 beans in his soup? Because one more would be too farty. Cotton Mouth I hate when i get cotton mouth, but that happens a lot when you eat a lot of pants.
While I might feel unsure how to react, my middle finger is well versed in handling stupid people. I recently saw a movie about nuts and bolts..... The plot was riveting!
My date thinks he's gonna get me drunk, & then get in my pants. The joke is on him, coz my tolerance is sky high & I'm wearing a skirt. 8 *walks into the house with covered in mud* Me: MY LORD 8: well that's a nice way to greet me but no, just your son.
Person I tried to rob describing me to the police: "long hair, wearing pajamas, honestly she didn't seem very committed to it." What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhinoceros? Elephino  \_()_/
Hillary Clinton hot sauce Fiery and Bernie out the back end Head and Shoulders should make a body wash called Everything Else
What type of flour do you buy an orphan? Self raising. My signature move is having my phone connected for hours to a charger that's not even plugged in.
a man walks into a bar he had a concussion and died TIFU Your girl was on my lap
Here in California Catholics use non-fat, high fiber communion wafers. They call them "I can't believe it's not Jesus" There's both a McDonald's and a blood pressure machine at our Walmart. Circle of life.
1) Go to Starbucks 2) Order coffee 3) Tell them your name is Waldo 4) Leave "What are you doing? Are you writing down everything I'm saying?! IS THIS GONNA BE A SONG?!?!" -anyone dating Taylor Swift
Being fat is over weighted.- Elmer Fudd Why is there so much blood in my alcohol system?
Stop burning bridges. They're not even good kindling. Just use sticks. The cast of Star Wars VII just finished their first read through (spoilers) Mark Hamill pulled JJ Abrams to the side and said "Can I have a word?"
Where do you get sent if you have a brainfreeze? The iceeu What do you call a ghost chicken? A poultry-geist!
What was the burglar doing at Wayne Manor? Robin. My computer said hello to me It's a Dell.
*classic 90's sitcom where sister is taking too long in the bathroom* Sister: hold on I'm taking a big shit. *theme music plays* I'm a simple man *bites a pinecone* I enjoy simple things *tosses a gun into a lake* that's why I decided to let these bees live in my skull
Her: baby can you come up here and play with me? Me: *sprints up stairs Her: I'm kidding. Can you hand me the remote? Me: this is so us "You made your bed now lay in it" doesn't really sound like a punishment to me. I love laying in a freshly made bed. And other 5am thoughts
An ironic joke walks into a bar, orders a beer, and sits down Bartender says hey! We're straight talkers here... no irony allowed. Ironic joke says well that's fine then, because I just want a beer. Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson just found out 2 of his kids are gay... ...I guess you can say they are fruity pebbles.
Why do they eat snails in France? They don't like fastfood I am so dwarf that... I am so dwarf that people don't take me seriously enough to win any competition other than stand up comedy!
What do you call someone with no body and a nose? Nobody knows! Give it to me straight "I'd really like to have sex with you-" Now give it to me gay "-r boyfriend."
Her Parents: Tell us how u two love birds met Me: We were in a tweet contest & was added to a DM room & then I gave her a fake trophy HP: .. BREAKING NEWS: Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to release detailed document on what Willis was talking about.
What was the pedophile's favourite drink? The milkshake, because it brought all the boys to his yard [During Interview] "Do you have any questions?" - Yeah, inTitanic why did Jack sink when he died but everyone else floated?
"How many dead bodies do I have to leave on the porch before they acknowledge me?" -Cats How do you get a witch pregnant? You fuck her.
What's the difference between Jesus and a vagina? A vagina is still good after a couple of nails As it turns out, "harder" is a horrible safe word.
What do you call someone with no body and a nose? Nobody knows. I think my washing machine used to belong to Usain Bolt. It has a setting for fast coloureds.
I asked 100 women which shampoo they preferred.... Almost all of them replied, "How the hell did you get in here?" I ate peanut butter and got an allergic reaction. I got sued.
"To be is to do" - Socrates. "To do is to be" - Nietzsche. "Do be do be do" - Sinatra. "Beep beep beep" - R2D2. How did Helen Keller break her arms? She tried to read a road sign going 45mph
Two snowmen were talking on a cold day... One of them said to the other: "funny, I smell carrots too!" I was grilling, and dropped a hamburger patty Now it's ground beef
Why did the Kurd bury his music collection? His tribesman said "ISIL is approaching, and they're coming for Yazidis." This lady stalks me everyday from work to my home, and i'm beginning to like her People say its just stalk-home syndrome
A guy in New York is selling the world's largest video game collection, which includes 11,000 games. He doesn't really want to sell it, but he needs some way to pay for the divorce. Me: My blood pressure is sky high. I need to get my affairs in order. Him: Make a will? Me: I was thinking flings with hot men, but OK.
It is well known... Tommy Cooper gag A classic Tommy Cooper gag ''I said to the Gym instructor "Can you teach me to do the splits?'' He said, ''How flexible are you?'' I said, ''I can't make Tuesdays'', was fifth.
How do you say Tony Romo in Spanish?(X-post r/nfl) Mark Sanchez. I hope this Hurricane is a Joaquin the park ;)
Mom mom are farts heavy? "no, son"... "oh I guess I shit myself then" Why haven't Fruity/cocoa pebbles teamed up with a milk company to make the flavor of milk that has the taste after you eat the cereal.Idiots
What do you call a horny guy in a pool? Driftwood What did the hipster epidemiologist say to United States citizens at a press conference? You probably won't get it.
I've counted 8 people so far whose New Year's resolutions include "loose weight". Can I add spelling to your list too? What do you call a cross between two KKK members? Burning
Spoiler Alert: In the season finale of Game of Thrones, YOU die. What do you always get on your birthday?  Another year older!birt
Why is their always lightning in France? Obviously, since lightning takes the path of least resistance. Want to hear a joke about Potassium? K.
Your restraining order says NO But your lazy eye says.......maybe later. How to make Holy Water Friend: Hey, how do you make Holy Water? Me: Uhh...Let me think... Why? Friend: You boil the hell out of it! Me: Get out.
I live in a hutch filled with vibrating cedar chips I'm going to save my resolution for 2015, I think I want to be an asshole for another year.
What did Adam say to Eve? Stand back, I don't know how big this thing gets! You should never live in the past. Unless you're a time traveler. Cause dinosaurs rule.
Please stop telling me how you wish you had my curly hair. You don't know the struggle of waking up looking like Mufasa. One way to find out if you're old is to fall down in front of a group of people. If they laugh, you're young, if they panic, you're old.
It's hard to be naked and baked without wondering why the two words don't rhyme. How many men does it take to fix a women's watch? Why does she need a watch? There is a clock on the oven!
Pinocchio was going down on his GF, she started yelling lie to me, lie to me. Pinocchio:" i love you"! Matthew McMonaughey's Lincoln doesn't make left turns... It just goes all right, all right, all right.
Coughing problems -My wife is constantly coughing. We have tried everything and nothing helps. -Have you tried weed? -Yes, she is coughing and laughing. I knew Donald Trump was a bro as soon as I knew his taste in music. We both love The Wall.
I've noticed... I've noticed, if you're scared of spiders they always turn up in your bedroom. So by using that logic... I'm scared of blonde girls with big boobs. I like to walk up to psychics, punch them in the face and say... "Betcha didn't see that one coming"
"Will I ever live in a clean house again?" *shakes magic 8 ball *magic 8 ball explodes and makes a mess Where do psychopaths shop? In sainsburys *i understand that if your not from the UK this joke probably won't make sense, or it's just not funny*
How does the pig farmer get to the fair? He rides piggyback. I heard One Direction released a new album recently... ...it's titled "Ray"
it might be a handjob for her... but it's a career for me. Dingo: The dingo community is known for many other things TV Host: What are cooking for us today? Dingo: I'm making my famous baby coleslaw
Where did the man with an undecorated yard put his spare change? His Hedge Fund. Q: How can you tell when Bill Clinton is lying? A: Only a Bill Clinton supporter is too dumb to know the answer to this one.
Why don't cannibals eat the feet? Because they are lactoes intolerant. Told to me by my 12 year old. Leaving restaurant: "That was lovely" Outside: "Well, it was okay" In car: "I mean, it wasn't great" Back home: "We won't go there again"
Dark humor is like clean water... it's just not accessible to everyone. What do UP! and push-up have in common? First you have a great time, but after 5 minutes you end up crying.
Short Dad Joke These kind of jokes always make me laugh a little, if you don't get it at first.. think about it! "A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop." Sometimes relationships last longer when Facebook doesn't know about them.
Q: Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months? A: Because on the box it said From 2-4 years. What is Snoop Dogg's favorite note? High G.
Hush Puppies I felt like getting some Hush Puppies, but wanted something a bit more intense, so I went to the biker bar and ordered some Shut the Fuck Up Puppies My girlfriend isn't a fan of Starwars, says I would have to force her to go. "*ss****SSkkkk****rrowwmm****mzzrreowwwowwww***."
What do you get when you take Viagra with an iron supplement? an erection that points north. 3 guys walk into a bar Three guys walk into a bar. The forth guy ducks.
Some people are too chipper early in the morning. They don't realize how bad it is for their health.....until I'm choking them What's the going rate to find out a girl isn't into you? My recent observation concludes ~$140. Great weekend.
What do you call the sound a ghost makes when he calls you? A phone moan. Adele has announced that she will be singing the theme for the next James Bond film. Diet Another Day will be released in 2014.
Jersey Shore was doomed the moment they named it after Pauly Shore. Everything is easier said than done. Except for talking, that's about the same.
What do two cousins say after they have sex? Roll Tide. Sex is a lot like eating It starts with the mouth and ends in the arse
How do circumcision doctors get paid? In tips. I ran 3 miles this morning, so if I did my math correctly, I can eat 3 pounds of cake today.
I have ADHD and have troubles getting to sleep. Doctor recommended counting sheep... 1 sheep. 2 sheep. 3 sheep. Cow. Duck. Horse. *Old MacDonald had a farm* and bingo was his name-o! At a job interview: "What are your strengths?" "I'm an optimist and a positive thinker." "Give me an example" "When do I start?"
My neighbour is singing under the shower again. Luckily, i can't hear her through my binoculars. I'm always behind the person at McDonald's who acts like they've never seen the menu in their life
A man arrives home and was absolutely delighted when he saw that someone had stolen every single lamp from his house What is the similarity between women and square roots? If they are under 16 you should just do them in your head.
Damn girl, are you my Bachelor's degree because you wasted my time and now I hate you. I have to work new years eve. But I'm not upset, after work I have the rest of the year off.
Don't reply to nuclear reactors that say they're ugly. They're just fission for compliments. TIL I have big fingers or a small butthole.
Somewhere right now, a girl just uploaded a picture of a place she went to in the past with a caption that says "take me back </3" What did Hitler say when he put on a blindfold? "I can Nazi."
What do you call a white person wearing glasses while playing Yu-Gi-Oh? Four eyes white dragon. ^sorry if repost, thought of this myself. "Mom guess what I'm getting married!!!" Is he rich? "I think so. His name is Charles Mansion"
That kid looks like me. Somebody should warn him. (bad joke) What's the best vegetable for stepping on when you get out of the shower? A toe-mat-o.
I have a nightlight flashlight...I can only see in the dark for 2 seconds in 10 second intervals Coffee at McDonald's is like sex in prison You'll have no trouble getting it, but it's rough.
What's black and white and red all over... An interracial couple getting what they deserved. I'm starting to think the guy offering to check for lumps inside his van was not as legit as his cardboard certificate claimed.
A lot of problems in the world would disappear if we talk TO EACH OTHER instead of about each other. My insurance does not cover Jesus taking the wheel. I checked.
I put a wooden desk and a blackboard in my bedroom. You know, to make it more classy. Why is the galley the safest place to be on a capsizing ship? Because everything but the kitchen sinks. =D ^(I feel dirty)
In the year 1973, there were 2000 Elvis Impersonators. By 1993, over 30,000. At this rate, by 2050 1 out of 3 people will be Elvis Knock Knock Who's there ! Blood ! Blood who ? Blood brothers !
Before their conflict with the Decepticons, the Autobots won a much less interesting but emotionally charged war against the Emoticons. What did Helen Keller scream when she got mugged? Nothing. It was winter and she had mittens on.
What's DJ Khaleds favourite number? 11, because it has another one The worst birthday present I ever got... ...was from my grandma when i turned 5. She gave me three socks. When asked why, she responded "because your mom said you grew a foot."
What did the /r/news mod say to the other /r/news mod? [censored] [snowman rings doorbell] Pardon me, but I overheard someone say something about a "snow blower" and was wondering where I might find one.
[Nsfw]What is in common between broccoli and anal? Both feel bad as adult, if you're forced as a child Please don't tell 9/11 jokes today they're just plane wrong.
They say the heart is the most resilient organ... it can really take a beating. Diet, Day 14: I hate everyone. My children are scared of me & I've repelled everyone else. But I'm starting to really like pears.
What's at the end of Moby Dick? A whale of a time! Women used to always call me ugly, until they find out how much money I make. Now they call me ugly and poor.
What do you get when you mix chocolate milk and cocaine? Ovalsheen. Credit goes to my cousin on this one. I played a piano duet with myself... it was a Heart and Soulo
What is Vladimir's computer always doing? ComPutin Do you know why there's no sound when Django has sex? Because the D is silent.
What do you get if you cross a gardener with a banker? A box hedge fund! What do men and public toilets have in common? All the good ones are taken, the rest are full of shit. *this is a response to an earlier joke comparing women to parking spots*
just realized I have more in common with Garfield than I have with most people What kind of joke is the best joke? The one shoved up your ass. (As told by my adorable and naughty 7 year old).
Forgot to do laundry again. I bet everyone at work is going to love my prom dress. Why do programmers produce more garbage than others ? Because they (some of them) don't have a garbage collector.
Why shouldn't you buy underwear made in the Ukraine? Because Chernobyl fallout. Some of you should not be allowed to procreate and if you have to google what procreate means, then I'm talking about you in particular.
I Always Give 100% [FIXED] 20% on Monday, 20% on Tuesday, 20% on Wednesday... What's the difference between Niagara and Viagra? Niagara falls.
Yep, it's a Yo-Mama joke Yo Mama'a so fat that when she goes to New York people say: That's one Big Apple. What do you call a disobedient feline pirate? A mew-tineer! And what do you call a genetically altered cow? A moo-tant, of course!
In the words of a famous troublemaker I have a dream. Watching TV today I saw a struggling actress I used to know had landed a job in a bra commercial. Nice to see her supporting herself.
The truth about Chemistry Chemistry is all about experiments. Because Chem-is-try. The Blind Man "Ah, I see," said the blind man as he spat into the wind. "It's all coming back to me now."
What's the difference between a skeptic and a conspiracy theorist? You wouldn't believe me if I told you. Hope they send us home early; I'm not sure how much longer I can pretend to work today.
What do you get a man who has everything? storage 16 Y.O. employee: "There's a dirty diaper outside. What do I do with it?" Me: "Is there a live baby in it?" Him: "No." Me: "Throw it away."
The news from Australia yesterday was terrifying That poor Muslim guy, I'd hate to be trapped in a room full of Australians too. What do you call a clever joke that doesn't make it to the front page? A clever joke, but nobody will have Reddit...
Cashier: Cute kid, how old? Mom: Thank you, 28 months & 4days. What's my total? Cashier: Your total is 756 quarters & 8 dimes. #cashierlife FUN FACT: The Olsen twins were actually triplets but Mary ate her sister Kate in utero and that's why she has two names
If I bought a balloon for $0.99... How much should I sell it for when I adjust for inflation? Her text: I'm tanning. Call you when I'm done. My thoughts: SHE'S NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED
The reason the earth's core is hot Is because my mixtape is so underground Success is measured by how long it takes your boss to notice you're not at your desk.
It was a classic Cinderella story: I walked into strangers' houses and made women try on a shoe I found YOLO You Only Love Owls.
JOB INTERVIEWER: so, what was your last job? DR. FRANKENSTEIN: bodybuilding My dentist is hysterical:"just let me put the tip in. It won't hurt. I have drugs to numb the pain" Ha. should go see him professionally!
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle? A-tyre What do you call corn with a sense of humor? Laughing stalk
Batman: *puts on glasses* Hey do I still look like Bruce Wayne? Superman: Um obviously. Batman: Think about that for a second. Which hand would you use to pick up a dangerous snake ? Someone else's !
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking. Why does Game of Thrones always kill off its main characters? For the good of the watch.
Have you heard? Have you heard of the Arkadian Genocide? Exactly. what is a woman to cant give birth? bruce jenner
I mentioned to my friend Hanz that today's the anniversary of the world trade center attacks. "Nein, 11" he said. Republicans, don't forget to set your clocks back 50 years
Do you want to know that people care whether you're alive? Try missing a couple of payments. Q: Why are farmers cruel? A: They pull corn by the ears.
Q: What is the difference between a flashing red traffic light and a flashing yellow traffic  light? A: The color. The drunker I get, the more dance moves I know.
Say, hypothetically, I was stuck in an air vent over a dressing room at Lane Bryant. What kind of legal issues am I dealing with? Q: How does Stan Collymore change a lightbulb? A: He holds it in the air and the world revolves around him
You'd think your skeleton would get soggy, but doesn't. Good work, skeleton. What's the difference between donald trump and a bucket of shit? the bucket
If you call someone from America American and someone from Mexico Mexican what do you call someone from Tibet? Chinese What do u call a girl having no boyfriend?
What do you call a women who always knows where her husband is? A widow The distance this fish swam... Is a SCALER not a vector.
What's it called when a planet orbits its sun 8 times? An orbyte My new thesaurus is truly awful! I honestly have no words to describe how angry I am!
Purifying yourself in the waters of Lake Minnetonka Not as effective as NyQuil what do you get when you mix 9th grade literature with alcohol? Tequila mockingbird.
I'd like to say that ALL quilts are great... ...but I try to avoid making blanket statements. What do lawyers and sperm have in common? 1 in 50 million has a chance of becoming a human being.
Hitting on girls at the bar is like payday I never get the number I asked for. I slipped on some black ice yesterday... I thought it was regular ice until I realized my wallet was gone.
What do you call a fish with 27 eyes? Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiish My wife's jealousy is getting ridiculous... The other day she looked at my calendar and wanted to know who May was.
Families that do Christmas card photo shoots months before Christmas have the organizational skills of high-level Nazis. What's the difference between a racist person and a racist skeleton? They both are insulting, but the skeleton doesn't have any body to share racist jokes with!
I have a problem with people that are missing body parts. I guess I might just be lack-toes-intolerant. Why should you never play Uno with a Mexican? Because they'll steal all the green cards.
Until my sneezes have time to figure out their beliefs, please stop blessing them. What do you do with an epileptic in a bathtub? Laundry.
friend: here he comes. dont set him off again. me: ok me&friend: hey JADEN SMITH: What If We Are the Hay, And The World Is Harvesting Us? I'm not lazy... I'm just on my energy saving mode.
Knock knock Who's there? I got up. Ana from Frozen was upset it didn't snow on her Wedding day, but everything has a silver lining because she got 8 inches that night
"Lincoln" is a terrible movie The main character dies at the end. In the time it took you to read this, Woody Allen made another film and it starred some big names and it was ok and now it's on DVD already
There's no sticker warning me not to eat this box of nails so I guess I'll just go for it. Yo mama is so fat that... ...she should really be concerned because diabetes is a serious problem
[Bruce Wayne enters Gotham Orphanage] I'll take your finest orphan. "Sir, we can't just give-" Here's $50mil. "Do you like boy acrobats?" There's now a morning after pill for guys. It changes your blood type.
50,000 battered women in America every year.. and I've been eating mine plain this whole time. My girlfriend says I'm hopeless at fixing appliances. Well she's in for a shock.
I dated an hermaphrodite... It was an "hermaphrodate" Because the unspeakable can also happen to men I bought myself a rape alarm. I'll be fucked if this thing doesn't work.
A man gets into an accident in which both his ring fingers are cut off. Needless to say, his wife was shocked. What do a Professional Fifa Player and a Rapist have in common? They're both going to score, even if you don't want them to.
I'm not Madagascar, I'm just disappointedgascar What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter. He's not coming.
Why are black people so fast? Because all the slow ones are in prison *at waffle house* "do you want bacon or sausage?" 'YES'
"Have you heard about the new pirate movie?" "It's rated aaarrrrrrrr." How much space does fungi need to grow? As Mushroom as possible.
If you've ever wondered what it's like to try to dress a jelly fish, here, try to get pants on my toddler What is the most common question asked by iPhone users? "Does anyone have a charger I could use?"
I have a friend whose fetish is cashews. He's fucking nuts. I wanted to share this great joke I heard about a farmer fixing his fence... ...but it's a re-post.
"Money doesn't grow on trees" is something rich people say so you won't find their money trees. My horse was way more aggressive than usual today it threw me off
What did the male potato chip say to the female potato chip? Are you Frito-lay? I'm simultaneously drinking Starbucks and a Monster, in case I need to do something extreme and be a snob about it, within the next 30 min.
Don't google "can you die from an ear infection" at 2am "Jessica wasn't usually dead. So when we found her dead we immediately knew something was wrong." -Investigation Discovery
Worst math joke I know. Two students sit in a geometry class. One says to the other "I'm cold!" The other says "go sit in the corner." "Why?" replies the first. "Because its 90 degrees!" The Doctor made me walk again... Because I had to sell my car in order to pay the hospital bill
What's the only difference between a near sighted and a far sighted gynecologist ? A wet nose. Today is "Jamaican hair day" at work. I'm dreading it.
What's long and hard on a black guy? A math test. I got a case of beer for my wife! It was a good trade!
What's the worst part about getting raped by an eskimo? Being forced Inuit. *Girl attempting to count to ten* girl 1: 1....3....5....7....9.... girl 2: What the hell? Why are you skipping numbers? girl 1: Because I can't even!!!
How do you make a hippopotamus float? 2 hippos and a LOT of root beer. Tell me you love me. Then get in the kitchen, make me a sandwich and let me play my video games so I know it's real
Whenever my grandma comes to visit and I hear a loud thud from upstairs, I go for a coffee and think about the cool stuff I just inherited. What did 9 say to 11? Let's get Bush in on this.
A tad bit racist... How do you starve a black man? Put his food-stamps next to his work boots. A neutrino walks into a bar... and it just keeps on going.
I used to do drugs i still do, but i used to to. -Mitch rip the legendary Mitch Hedberg My friend got a summer job in a mirror factory He said its a job he can see himself doing.
I like my hot wings like I like my Holy Infants... ...tender and mild. My wife is like a plunger She's good at bringing up old shit.
If my dog could talk he'd say "You hang up first..." Why do Greeks like fried foods? Because they're greasy
[marriage counselling] Her: he always thinks he's talking to me on CB radio Me: I don't, over Her: It's over Me: It's what? Over Why was Freddie Mercury a great front-man for Queen? He could perform "Under Pressure".
I was reading in the paper... And I read about some midget that got pick pocketed. I thought to myself, "Who could stoop so low?" My life is a nightmare since they legalized gay marriage Because I have Iridophobia.
He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Chuck Norris, dies by the roundhouse kick. There's a man at the mall wearing cargo pants and a fanny pack, who I believe is in the process of becoming a suitcase.
Remember to look both ways before crossing a woman. That chick really knocked my socks off. And I had just finished folding and stacking them, too. Bitch.
Yeah, America is the so called "land of the free", but you try to bring a monkey on board the plane and suddenly everyone's all about rules. The best thing about sharing a king sized bed with your spouse is that if you move far enough away it feels like you're completely alone.
What did the great Ape shout to the pilots who tried to shoot him off the skyscraper? Listen hotshots don't monkey around with me! My hell is a giant Bath & Body Works store ...where all the women answer yes/no questions with "stories".
The phrase "This shit is bananas" probably originated from the guy who had to clean out the monkey cage at the zoo. Float like a jellyfish, sting like a jellyfish.
Why did it rain on Christmas Eve? Because of Santa and his Raindeer. Ceilings were just ambitious walls.
I never understood why Bill Clinton felt the need to cheat on Hillary . . . After all, she's proven to be great at getting sex offenders off. What comes after America? Bmerica. I'll see myself out
How many anarchists does it take to change a lightbulb? Trick question, anarchists can't change anything. I can get most of Reddit to hate me in one sentence I'm watching Sword Art Online (my favorite anime) on my iPhone while reading a Minions fanfic on my Wii U and eating bananas dipped in ketchup
A bee is willing to end it's own life just to cause you a tiny amount of pain. I can relate to that level of pettiness. Where is Donald Trump gonna put all of the illegal immigrants once he arrests them? Juantanamo
I've kissed so many frogs trying to find a prince that I've actually discovered several new species. SNAKE: im gonna bite you SNAKE CHARMER: u are so sexy S: wha- SC: *presses finger to lips* still wana bite me? S: *blushes* well not anymore
What do you call a mouse with cheese but no crackers? Cracka-lackin I was out walking my dog when another man with a dog approached me, picked up a stick and said 'I could throw this stick a mile away and this dog would bring it back.' 'That's a bit far fetched!'
What do Pink Floyd &amp; Dale Earnhart have in common? Their last big hit was the wall. Debt collector are so persistent they never leave you a loan
My office got a shredder, so now I have to buy a turtle costume to fight it on Monday. Work is hard. 4 introverts walk into a bar... What? Were you expecting something else?
What type of jokes don't work Dark jokes. Cooper at the end of Interstellar "You know what I like about space travel, man. They get older, I stay the same age."
A nail walks into a bar And gets hammered. Why did the chicken cross the road? To see his friend Gregory Peck.
What's the difference between a 1950s mental asylum and my fridge? One's filled with fruits and vegetables, the other's my fridge. I wonder if Dumbledore ever used the sorting hat to help him with the laundry.
A salmon that jumps on the hook for ya http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdAoQvqh7eY What rock group has four men that don't sing? mount rushmore
If you tell me my life would be SO much easier if I'd organize everything, I swear I will stab you with a fork. As soon as I find my fork. If your Facebook picture is a photo of a sunset or something inanimate, I'll assume you have a dissociative identity disorder.
OMG. My wife's boyfriend made such a fuss when I told his parents at dinner about how noisy those two are in bed. Q: What do Saddam Hussein and General Custer have in common ? A: They both want to know where the hell those Tomahawks are coming from !
What's the difference between a Mexican and an elevator? One can raise a child. With how fat America is.... With how fat America is, I'm surprised their currency isn't in pounds.
I got aids in prison.. Hearing aids. I should've used them though, I might've been able to hear the guy that snuck up on me in the shower and gave me HIV. So a seal walks into a club...
People say I'm not good with Greek Mythology... I guess that it's my Achilles wrist. 3 gays in a hot tub A bubble of semen rises up, one looks at the others and says "OK who's farted?"
Tim Cook officially came out of the closet... at least this is the one time when Android users can't claim that theirs came out first. got a fake ID w a picture of shrek on it. works everytime. bought ten shrek dvds w it just this morning. lady at the counter didnt say SHIT
Me:*looks up from phone* Okay, it was Mr. Plum in the ballroom with the wrench. Family: M: Mom: We stopped playing that game 5 hours ago. Born Too Late To Explore The Earth, Born too early to explore the galaxy, Born at just the right time to have sex with virtual reality anime chicks.
Why did the stoner put laxatives in the pot brownies? For shits and giggles *man choking* Is there a doc in the house? *Dr Pepper rises* *searches man's pockets* Hey ur no doctor! *moustache falls off* *it's Mr Pibb*
My friend David had his ID stolen the other day so now we just call him Dav. Putin denies Russian naval exercises in Finnish waters, claims that sonar readings "were misinterpreted". Whoops, wrong sub.
What did the homeless yoga instructor say when he was told to leave his camp site? Namaste. No thanks, marriage. If I wanted to stop getting laid I would just start wearing crocs.
Pupil: The art teacher doesn't like what I'm making ? Dad: Why is that what are you making ? Pupil: Mistakes ! "EVERYONE IS ENGAGED BUT YOU" - facebook
Why is North Korea so polluted? They have supreme litter. Why did the hipster drown? He went ice Skating before it was cool
What's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole? Donald Trump's tie. Relationship Status: Married long enough to know when I hear her say "I love you," she's talking to our dog.
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a bike and a poorly dressed man on a unicycle? Attire. Going as a hashtag for Halloween so everybody ignores me.
I have this wart. I didn't like it at first, but it grew on me. How do you turn an old dishwasher into a snowblower? You give her a shovel and tell her to get to work.
5: "I went to Banana Land. The bananas danced & had flowers & tiny pandas on their heads." Me: "I'll have whatever that kid's having." What is a pirates favorite letter? No, it's the C.
What does Donald Trump say when he's mad? There'll be hell toupee! Why should you never bring a fat person to see a dramatic movie? They will ruin the suspension.
A magician is driving down a road... and turns into a driveway. There are times when I miss you so bad, that I wish I could remember where I hid your body.
Me: What are you up to? Her: I'm making Chinese. Me: Cloning's unethical. Hahaha just kidding. Make me a math tutor. Knock knock. Who's there? Underwear.  Underwear who? Underwear my baby is tonight?
A man tried to sell me a coffin today I told him that was the last thing I needed. What's a Fly without it's wings? A Walk
What's the difference between a weasel and a stoat? A weasel is weasily recognised and a stoat is stoatally different! Hire The Pretty Blonde
Since my girlfriend discovered out the eyeroll and tongue sticking emojis she doesn't have to type words anymore. What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean? I don't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my face (There's a slight pause between garbanzo and bean when speaking the joke)
A dog runs for senator... He has no previous experience in pawlitics I just battle rapped my 4 year-old and rhymed "take a nap" with "piece of crap" so don't tell me about your parenting skills.
Before you tell me anything about your kid you should know I'm going to mentally leave my body. I hate it when auto-correct changes my "omg" to "OMG" like, chill out, I'm not that surprised.
[NSFW] What does a vagina and the weather have in common? When its wet its time to go inside What file does a Knight store his music on? A **MIDI**-val file.
What did the shower say to the toilet? "You may get more ass than I do, but look at all the shit you have to take". How do you make Donald Trump laugh? tickle his armpits
Whenever I'm down in the dumps, I get myself new clothes. They smell a little bit but at least they're free. What did Reddit say about the post that had no comments? Wow, such empty
So I organized a threesome last night.... There were a couple of no-shows, but I still had fun. What do you call a southern girl who runs faster than her brothers A virgin
Don't compare whales to feminists... It's very offensive to whales What did Gordon Ramsay say to Hitler? Oh my god put them back in the damn ovens! They're so under-cooked they're writing fucking diaries!
I before E, except after C, or when sounding like A in words like neighbor and weigh. **Weird...** What do you get when you cross an agnostic, insomniac and a dyslexic? Someone who lies awake at night if there really is a dog.
A man is asked why he can't see the Fifty Shades of Gray movie... He replies, "I'm color blind and can only see 36 of them." The worst part of Thanksgiving is all of the leftovers... and having to heat them up every time I want to eat since I quit cold turkey.
What do George Michael and Carrie Fisher have in common? Both their first names have six letters. That's it. For now. Edit: they're both dead. the biggest joke of all time Trump
Me: Dad, am I adopted? Dad: Shit, like I'd have picked you? Whenever an automatic hand dryer doesn't turn on for me, I like to think my diet is really working.
Things I know I cannot do but still try to: 1. Cartwheel 2. Hit the high note 3. Move things with my mind 4. Eat 'just one' 5. Be Cool TIFU by going to Jimmy John's for lunch.. Whoops, wrong sub.
I just downloaded more RAM... ...but I still can't play No Man's Sky. Avoiding the use of French-derived words... Is not my forte.
Stephen Harper lost the Canadian election. He was given aboot. What's the difference between a group of midget spies and a women's track team? One is a cunning group of runts.
Q: What did the football say to the football player? A: I get a kick out of you. I've started replacing "yes" with "sure as Kilimanjaro rises like Olympus above the Serengeti."
Why are native americans the best strippers? Because when they dance they make it rain. If there's a god-shaped hole in all of us does that mean our poos come out in god's image?
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb?... None, they can't change anything. How do you get a bunch of Canadians out of a swimming pool? Say "Get out of the pool."
A good way to force people to feel whatever you're feeling is to hum in public What do all battered women have in common? They don't listen.
In my local park there are three holes in the ground... Well, well, well. We've replaced the names of the foreign countries & leaders in Trump's speech with the names of IKEA furniture. Let's see if he notices
What did the two vaginas say to the butthole? "Don't hate us if you anus." When my Girlfriend got pregnant... Everything changed... My name, My Address, My phone number, My email ID Everything.....
Where do they make satis? In a satisfactory Def Leppard are a bunch of liars. I poured some sugar on a girl one time and it was a complete mess, she was not happy at all.
The problem with the French is that they don't have a word for entrepreneur. -George.W.Bush Which is worse, insouciance or ignorance? I don't know and I don't care.
What does a toddler get drunk off of? Jack Danimals! if you're in a bathroom & person in next stall sneezes, do you say bless you or just applaud like normal? need answer fast too late clapping
Have you guys heard about the corduroy pillows? There making head lines. (classic) Edit: goddammit...they're Banned an 80 year old man for life from attending NBA games. What's that? Like maybe 10 years?
A priest, a homosexual, and a paedophile walk into a bar...... And then a second guy walks in the closest I've ever come to a threesome was when I was mowing the lawn and I got hit in the face by two dragonflies having sex in mid air
Dear readers of reddit, What is the best insult/comeback you've ever thrown down? If you die in the shower when you're shampooing do the police have to finish rinsing when they find you or is that the ME's job. Is it a job
What did Oprah say when she visited Harlem? "YOU get a father, and YOU get a father, and YOU get a father! Everybody gets a father!!! What's the difference between apple juice and apple cider? Your sister doesn't care if you cum in juice but she won't let you cum in cider.
My wife's birthday is in two days, and she told me "Nothing would make me happier than a diamond ring". So I bought her nothing. How did the dungeon keeper plan for retirement? Collecting stocks and bonds.
I had an odd-job man in to help me do some work around the house. I gave him a list of 10 things to do. He only did numbers 1, 3, 5, 7 and 9. Why did the Native American quit his desk job at the Marriot? He didn't like dealing with reservations.
Why did Simba's dad die in a stampede? Because he didn't Moofassa enough! Edit: general consensus was to add "enough" What does Monica Lewinsky and Soda Machine have in common?
If retards are supposed to be so stupid how come I have never seen one smoking? My Girlfriend Told Me I Need To Get In Shape..... I told her "I am in shape! Round is a shape!"
I hate people who talk about me behind my back... They discussed me. Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Where do Angelfish swim? The Holy See What is Joan of Arc's least favorite food? Steak
What is the difference between unlawful and illegal? One is against the law and the other is sick bird. I woke up hungover to the sound of my neighbour mowing his lawn. He will just have to mow around me because I'm not moving..
International Women's Day That's the joke Talking bout planets with my 8 yr old. He asked if you just plow thru Uranus because it's all gas. I cannot respond maturely.
My friend wants a fairy tale wedding, so I'm going to poison her. I hope that's what she meant. Anal sex is just like your first car You don't want it, but your dad gives it to you anyway
Why did the chicken say, "Meow, oink, bow-wow, moo?"    He was studying foreign languages. Success is like pregnancy... Everyone congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got fucked to achieve it.
I masturbated so good last night That i woke up to find my dick making breakfast Why did the polar bears on Noah's Ark hang out near the insects? They were looking for the ark tick.
So I was shopping online for antique guns..... and I got to the World War II section. I selected guns of French origin. They were all in mint condition. My Dad voted Republican his entire life. After he died he voted Democrat
"Titanic." "What??" &amp;nbsp; "Sorry, that wasn't a very good icebreaker." I got caught having sex with the secretary by my wife My wife was crying and saying you cant do this to me! I said: I Know thats why im doing it to her!
Why was the guy from 127 Hours arrested for espionage? He was proven guilty of providing arms to Iraq BRAIN: you need to let loose a little, have some fun ME: rainbow colored goldfish crackers it is
What is a pirates favorite letter? Most say the letter 'R' But a pirates first love is the mighty 'C' By the mighty 'C' I mean the clitoris YARRRRHHHHHhhh..... What should we call people who leave crusty bits of food in the corner of their mouths? #Herpeaters.
I've been fired from work for putting in too many shifts Keyboard manufacturing isn't as easy as you think How does Moses make his coffee? He brews it.
You know the 'Done' button you press to exit a video? How come it only sounds judgy and sarcastic after I've finished jacking off? Having sex with a waitress sucks. She only takes the tip.
Do you want to hear a short joke? Never mind, it'd probably go right over your head anyway. When my neighbor's bed starts rhythmically hitting the wall, I like to drum back. Last night, we had a real jam session going.
"hello 9-1-1 whats your emergency?" hi yes it's me again i left the house 3 min ago but just realized i forgot my headphones What is a math teacher's favorite kind of toilet paper? The kind that has multi ply's.
Her: I'm just a vintage soul Me: and a vintage face.. That's how the fight started Cop: Know why I stopped you? SUPER DANCE OFF?? Cop: OH YEAH OH YEAH? Cop: No, not really. There's a warrant for your arrest. oh no
What do you call a bear that is missing all of its teeth?? A Gummy Bear! Today I got chased by a thief trying to steal my wallet.. I managed to get away, but he definitely gave me a good run for my money!
Why do ghosts carry tissues? Because they have BOOOOgers. police codes 472: loitering 213: man with horse eyes 304: gnarly dirtbike 94: breaking & entering 834: dog smoking weed 58: sexy loitering
Two tectonic plates are having a heated argument... They seem to have diverging opinions. Did you hear about the three guys that walked into a bar? You'd think the third guy would've ducked.
Why didn't Edward leave his house? Because he was Snowden. I ruin friend groups by always suggesting we start a band too early
I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago... ...and so far, all it's been doing is gathering dust. what kind of clothes do lawyers wear? Lawsuits.
Write a quickly escalating inappropriate joke Did you know that you can fit any boat on your head like a hat, if you flip it over? That makes it cap sized
I am in prison for something I didn't do I didn't pay my taxes hey can I use your bathroom? cashier: only paying customers jesus...ok just give me 9 double whoppers with cheese, a chocolate shake, 2-
What did the mexican say when two houses fell on him? Get off me, homes! If you think you could never kill another human being, you haven't met enough people.
Which is the smallest pub in the world? The Thalidomide Arms. What do you get when you throw a Canadian down a flight of stairs? An apology.
When the space shuttle gets back from its last mission, wouldn't it be hilarious if we were all dressed as apes? How do cows go from one town to another? they cowmmute.
Baseball is my favorite sport, because you can play it on a professional level with food in your mouth. How to you tell a naval officer from and RAF officer on an aircraft carrier? The naval officer is trying to feed bread to the helicopters!
Tip for twitter newbies: Before you start using twitter, please make sure this is really what you want to do with the rest of your life. The best way to refuse a credit card telemarketer is to tell them you're unemployed. Guarantees them hanging up within seconds.
My girlfriend made me watch a movie with her about how women struggled during their menstrual cycles in the 18th century. It was a period piece If she eats pizza with a fork, she isn't going to like being bent over the dining room table.
I want to be part of the 27 club I'm just DYING to get in. They used to be called "Jumpolines" ...until your mom jumped on one back in 1972.
Donald Trump and I agree on one thing. We both would like to bang his daughter. if you wear a bikini instead of a bra you can go out with wet hair & people will just think you've been swimming which is athletic not lazy
Why do cannibals prefer to eat blind people? Because with one sense gone they taste really good. Sorry, that was wrong... they taste really well. What is small furry and smells like bacon ?  A hamster !
I spilled spot remover on my dog Now he's gone. What does a beef patty have in common with a blowjob? Both are better between 2 buns
I like to date intelligent girls who are taller than me. It keeps me on my toes. Have you ever been to an Amish party? Those guys really raise the roof!
What kind of batteries do stuttering Canadians use? Triple Eh's. what did the afraid triangle say to the circle that was about to beat him up? I'm very squared.
Who's going to lose the upcoming election? Society. I just threw a snowball at a Smart car and its airbags deployed
Anne Frank's famous last words. Brb, door What I bring to a relationship is pretty much the same stuff you can pick up at any hardware store.
I'm tired of women touching and playing with it but no one wants to blow it. Damn vuvuzelas! Friends are like trees They fall after being hit multiple times with an axe.
Black Betty walked into a butcher shop and asked for beef. The butcher replied, "No Black Betty, Ham or Lamb?" How do New Zealanders practice safe sex? (NSFW) They paint a red X on the back of the sheep that kick.
I put a lot of basil, parsley, rosemary and thyme in my old Volkswagen Beetle... ..it became herby. Have you heard about the sensitive burglar? He takes things personally.
Sociology homework. I need to compile ten jokes. 5 from females, 5 from males. Could I please get jokes, as well as genders? My relationship advice is if you're not single you deserve it.
I bet Adam and Eve loved being the first people cuz they didn't have to worry about ghosts Hi, I'd like to order a baby "Excuse me?" It says here you deliver babies? "Sir this is a hospital" [vampire quickly hangs up phone]
You know, I love the ocean I think in a past life I was a semen I do pull ups to get girls... and pull outs to not get one
I don't get this joke. Can someone explain it to me? My sister's fiance is so short that he has trouble playing computer games. The only way he can reach the keyboard is if he lies flat on the ground. What did the Spanish musician say when he went fishing? Castanets!
What do you say when you find two banana peels together? Answer: A pair of slipper Where do Russians stream movies from? Nyetflix.
Why are assholes always more successful than you? Because they make shit happen. A woman asked her husband "what trait of me do you love the most?'' ''My beautiful face? My sexy body?" The husband looked at her from top to bottom, and answered, "I love your humor."
Whenever someone well known dies, social networks turn into an online obituary. #DontActLikeYouCare,  @MaleHonesty86 "Do you know what this room needs? At least four paintings of lighthouses!" white people
I've tried all week long and still haven't been able to teach this baby how to Dougie. Does anyone know the return policy in these things? I think Jennifer Aniston was filmed on a green screen in 2003 and it gets released with a different background and co-star twice a year.
I thought the author of Harry Potter was a guy. J.K. So an anti-vaxxer tells me that vaccines cause autism. So I reply "Oh, so you've gotten vaccinated, then?" ~~Sorry if it's a terrible joke.~~ No regrets
Back in my day, Nintendo Wii meant you peed your pants because you wouldn't move for hours playing Super Mario Bros. If vampires like the taste of blood so much they should floss.
Son: am I adopted? Me: not yet, but we're hopeful. .
